and we're live Hey look at you
small a blunt I know I have this is your
celebratory blunt holy shit dude I'm
still a little bit that's felt like
getting an AIDS test I know it's real
but you knew you were healthy you feel
good yeah I haven't felt like I had
something so you were worried you one of
them asymptomatic people yeah
they said as many as 60 to 70 percent
could be asymptomatic right so I was
like I don't want to I don't have a
because I gotta drive all the way that's
why it's such a creepy disease like
there was a Anderson Cooper thing I was
we were talking about earlier where the
mayor of Las Vegas was on with Anderson
Cooper oh yeah and he was describing to
her how one asymptomatic people person
can go to a restaurant and it showed
this chart of all the people that
infected got infected by this one so he
tried to get infected just the air just
the air yeah so he's trying to tell this
is completely theoretical first of all I
don't know the people that are saying
this from chiming I mean maybe they
touch the same things maybe there's a
bunch of different factors I don't know
I'm guessing it was just because of the
air but I don't trust a goddamn thing
they're saying that's coming from China
yeah anything they say if they're saying
something it's been approved by the
government right you know I mean it's
not like what's that paper uh The Epoch
Times there's like a paper that I think
yeah epoch times is that it's like
they'll be critical of China but I think
the guy that owns it is a Fallon gong
guy so I've seen criticism ensue
well Fallon Gong's that persecuted Tai
Chi religion in in China oh really
China is fucking crazy damn mark x is a
multi-language news was founded in 2000
by john tang and a group of Chinese
Americans associated with the following
gang spiritual movement so who is he
again I don't know who John Tango
following gang fallow and goings on
it's like Tai Chi but I guess china
considers it a cult what so they crack
down on them like they're we Gers and oh
no yeah and it's uh yes just like
meditation check lines men shit and ki
gong exercises where the moral
philosophy centered on tenants
RunAs compassion forbearance holy fuck I
might have to join looking for a good
call The Epoch Times guys get I've been
saying this for years I want a good call
to come up with a good one yeah that
doesn't try to fuck me doesn't take all
my money you're all needs to bang
everybody's wife okay stop buying your
wife I'm gonna bang your wife they
always play out like that that stays do
that gorilla that fucking classic
chimpanzee right dominance thing where
you lose face and poles and then yeah
well I would have said you always
witnesses was a good call if I stack
because I'm not really better at you
overs witness well let's tell everybody
doesn't know cuz people might not be
aware of your background you you grew up
as a Jehovah's Witness you're one of my
friends that has like the most
rock-solid rules on not tolerating
horseshit and because when people start
bullshitting ya saying knots you you are
you're always the guy that's like I know
where this goes yeah well it's for
something like that I I'm hyper I am
very like hypersensitive to colty yeah I
just don't want to go along with the
thing because you have to go along with
it and like come on we're doing this is
important well I just that's the reason
I left Jove what is it of course was I
didn't want to have that then when I got
out in the world that you can't escape
it like the people all these people that
claim to be secular that that jump down
your throat like online or something I
say it's all the same shit but they just
let got rid of the Jesus Christ they
just got rid of that and kept the
bullshit
it's a pattern yeah like I guess a set
of habits yes comforting a comforting
routine I guess but it's I mean the
thing when when people do it to people
like it's it's almost like whether
they're doing it because you're not a
believer in Jesus or are you doing it
right you're not a vegan are you doing
it because you don't support gender
pronoun freedom right whatever it is
like that hardcore well you can be able
to fit that mind into a bunch of
different slot yes there's the this is
what I do believe from religious people
there is a human need for what religion
fills and it's like you know hey great
you got rid of Saddam but now who's
taking over I'm not so gung-ho on the
like
we all we need to get rid of like the
Bill Maher level of atheism where he's a
grad well per die that like I think he's
not understanding you know people some
people need that and and it it's not how
to do is smart or stupid it's a just a
very deep feeling of belonging and if
you don't get it from God there's gonna
be you know there's worse shit to get it
from yes yes there's some moral tenants
if you really adopt Christianity some of
my favorite people are Christians and
pretty hardcore Christians people that
are really like well like here's 100
Chris listen if you ever met a Christian
they're delightful just they're like
unicorns there's probably like three of
them the rest of the people are on a
football team you know who's a real
Christian like in like a admirable sense
the word is Chris Pratt guardians of the
galaxy yeah I've heard that I've never
met one of the nicest guys I've ever met
he's so nice and genuine and right there
with everyone right he's very religious
but I'll tell you what man if that's
what it is it's like if following those
tenants the way that guy does it turns
you near that kind of a person he's an
admiral that's how you're supposed to
it's not supposed to be you know you're
preaching at people your behavior is
supposed to be the witness right and so
people have come into it a lot of times
that's why they do they got I saw this
guy I'm like if that's what that is I
want to be that you know it's like it's
like they got it abandoned the goofy
stories if they just came out and said
listen it's our belief that living in
this way with this belief in a higher
power and that holds you to a higher
standard of behavior if all that along
with these tenants you know loving thy
neighbor and treating each other as
brothers and sisters as if we were all
one if you just saw that you just got to
stop saying someone came back from the
dead you got to stop saying even those
stories even those goofy stories which I
always would say that was saying that
but you know when I left but a lot of
them work is still work as metaphors you
know yeah the ones that there's people
at all levels of smarts and they all
need a thing to get on board so some
people need a goofy story to get on
board like I said I don't think that's
the lynchpin that's harming it I think
it's just I
I don't believe that it transforms
people's hearts like there's people that
I saw when I was in my job's witnesses
that they had a fucked up life that they
turned around okay but I don't think
that that it fundamentally changed
anything but their behavior they were
just who they were and this gave them a
window to be you know purchase
scaffolding
he doesn't need something to sort of
build on the structure gone to people
right so so you know but if you're a
psychopath it's not gonna change you
into a not a psychopath right it's gonna
make it's gonna be horrible because you
can apply your psychopathic tendencies
to the religion well and you see that
right the worst of the evangelists
that's what you're seeing right you're
seeing a con man who's found a tool
that's beyond reproach well some are
just like you know they're like almost
like met same as Marilyn Manson when he
you know he had his thing that he did
Marilyn Manson but he was ultimately
like a guy that's gonna play golf like
Alice Cooper like he's a man I'm doing a
show here that's what those guys you
know Steve Martin made that movie uh
what is it called where he's leap of
faith he plays like a TV preacher and
and he cuz he saw this documentary about
a real guy named or Joe who copied Mick
Jagger so he would go to these churches
and to like moves like Jagger for these
old ladies and they and he would talk
about it and he was just openly saying
how it was a scam anything you're making
money off of like that it doesn't go
together for you know that's how you
know automatically the guy's full of
shit cuz he's making a ton of money off
it if their preacher
yeah you're not supposed to get rid of
Jesus didn't get rich right and
especially when you get like arena rich
like you're buying a Olsteen yeah see
you guys come out of nowhere he's trying
to do the least harm singers they like
pops all right
I don't know about him until they get so
huge that they break through the public
macular like it's like pops like I just
learned who Billy Eilish wish I didn't
know this whole time yeah she doesn't
know who they my sister had informed me
about Adele she goes you know that song
hello I go no I don't know that song you
never had heard it just like now no I've
been fortunate
what is so hurt not in a bad way against
which I think she's got an amazing voice
you just haven't seen a lot of horseshit
I stood I'm very down it's all Dwight
guy who likes rap music and classic rock
hey
I just know why I like my classic rock I
like Led Zeppelin and like oh yeah so
you know it's not like Billy Eilish yeah
dude Van Halen but it's just like at a
certain point times like I'm taking in
too much music I don't have time for all
this new stuff yeah well I was like what
we just talking about it different yeah
something I didn't care about like well
you know what's interesting about music
is like our lifetimes and our parents
lifetimes they like the first times in
human history where people had music
collected where they could listen to it
over and over and over again right
around their grandparents or was like
probably the first like my grandparents
came over from Italy and from Ireland in
the early 1900s so when they were coming
over here I guess they had record
players but how prevalent were they and
what kind of music did they have and
like you know I thought they had like
stand around the window over rich
person's house like a slave Krantz to
handle but like where was the recordings
you know I'm saying like they weren't
that prevalent if there was there
certainly were some you know they had
recorded music before then but it's not
like it's on your phone didn't we send
you know that that gold record we sent
into space that has like a picture of
like man a transphobic picture of a man
and a woman doesn't have a dress as a
woman of a dress looking has a dress and
there's just those two doesn't she just
have breasts but she's like hilarious
you know the ones ik Oh like yeah blues
guy like old old catfish Willy or you
know like some some kinda yeah yeah just
got some cool shit to make us look
interesting it's a very odd wrong yeah
[Laughter]
they sent it on a gold plate you know
was like a gold plate and then uh but
the drawings made me laugh because they
are like stick figures like I watched
that movie contact the other night with
Joey Falls yeah it's amazing
holy shit
that a good my love it's good but you
weren't in a way that the aliens are
like we're gonna look like your dead
father because you couldn't handle no I
can handle ceilings is it is that but
there's images yeah you gotta flip it
over to the B side yeah yeah where's the
man and woman hmm wasn't the last video
there's two tits on the bar where where
is it
yeah I thought there was hmm maybe it's
something else would thinking of I don't
know it's like why is different discs
have different images there's not more
than one disc is there are we sending
mixed messages to them coming up but
it's not a picture on the gold thing are
there titties on this record what do
they look like
is it recognizable it's it's like a
someone just drew it though on piece of
paper and like I said this is on their
the pioneer plaque okay these well
whatever it is in the movie contact they
got that recording and they sent it back
to earth
yeah and that movie like it had a cool
like how it might go down then about it
so much about it was cool it's just the
end and it was like come on man and the
guy who blew himself up like the
religious to to brew himself up like
that was a little cartoon this way so
you're just gonna say the guy who blew
himself and like that was an interesting
point I didn't
I think it's Gary Busey son I think JJ's
right yeah he's great in it I met that
guy recently and also the idea that uh
you know he's greatness movie this was
like a piece of paper called oh that's
it that's it right there
this was not the same as that golden
thing oh this was 72 the gold thing was
73 okay well this was the first thing
and then the record was a different
thing oh okay we conflated it too so go
to the image again let me see the image
let me see the guys the guys dong they
go to the one on the left that one right
there yeah make that one big is that
what they're gonna think dongs are just
like here's my dick now most human dicks
don't come pass the
and I like how they had the woman built
like a real woman she's not like a porn
star woman well where's her gave her a
little bit of an ass her penis yeah he's
like hi
where's donut on here I mean it's a show
up and think we're down to party and
everybody's all bundled up
well that that image is showing us how
ridiculous we like assume the aliens
would think our clothes are what yeah
what if the aliens send theirs back and
they're fully clothed and like why did
you guys make the space this is an
intergalactic dick pic and it's a
unnecessary dick pic to like no one
looks like that and when they're waving
to you right that's very like that's
sending a bad message hey man where the
fuck did you come from
I can't just look at my dick and balls
this is weird I like that they didn't
really put a vagina they just put a like
here's the important price well you see
the penis clearly in the vagina see
Barbie doll hey Barbie doll the woman is
a little Barbie doll where's her pubes
where's everybody's pubes are this
weirdo set this is a porno set how come
they got hair in their head they don't
have hair in their box well when was
this sent out they probably did a
misleading this isn't so they were very
futuristic they were really into porn
they were way ahead of their time and
why is the guy has such Caucasian hair
that's my other question right right
what percentage of the population has
hair that looks like that it looks like
a young Noam Chomsky's hair it's just a
weird image it's it's very weird
hi aliens yeah he's my dick but it's
also it's like it's weird and just that
but we're kind of acknowledging that
superior intellects would think clothes
are weird is that what that is yeah
we're letting him know like underneath
or adidas and our fucking jeans they
must have argued about that too they
must have had like a long conversation
these fucking the people that are
funding this are like really we drawn a
dick and send it out to the aliens Wow
who is funding
I don't know I know who's making the
call sounds like the cowboy guy from The
Simpsons was probably announcing oh yeah
that honestly that's right think we
could all like Wernher von Braun oh dude
Wernher von Braun was a legit Nazi these
to hang the slowest Jews in front of his
rocket Factory in Berlin yeah oh dude
this Simon Wiesenthal Center said that
he was alive they'd prosecute him for
crimes against humanity the slowest do
they have a racist had something where
they would make everybody work faster
and harder by killing all slowed you
that's what put the slowest guys the
slowest girls whoever they you know
she's a Jewish prisoners and they would
hang them yeah
dude there's I remember him from like a
Disney thing about rocket science he was
a part of Operation Paperclip right
there he is right there an Operation
Paperclip imported all these Nazi
scientists to run NASA I knew that but I
didn't so part of that I thought he was
always like no I wasn't with those guys
just look at him chilling go to that
picture again just stop and think about
that this dude was a Nazi in Germany
during World War two comes back and he's
running our space program with his feet
up why go to space so you want to get
hung up on people's Nazi past you want
to get a dick pic to space or not they
got this genius bilingual motherfucker
to come over here and show us how
Rockets are done they were ahead they
were hit with rockets they were head
with engineering I tell goes they're all
head of science because they plug an
extension cord into a Jew to try to
invent a computer guy that like I don't
want him to not be doing stand-up I like
this downtime you know he's I don't know
anybody does as many sets as Dave like I
did I like all cuz I just met with Tim
Cole cuz he's got there's no you know he
says no number it's like a really
ungodly hour like he was telling me to
like he wanted to make a prank show
called practice to him I was just middle
easterners doing pranks up
the most inappropriate breaks yeah he
shouldn't be taking time off when do you
think anything would be able to stand up
again if I was gonna ask you oh shit
that's the problem
right when everyone can get a test for
kovat 19 no the problem is when do you
think that'll be it I don't know I
didn't I didn't realize that the tests
were so just there around I thought is
it just in some states they don't have
the tests out some places don't have
them and there's there's that there's
also that there's some tests that are
FDA approved in some aren't and why that
that is the case I'm not gonna speculate
cuz I really wouldn't know what I'm
talking about probably whoever fucking
could be I know I would be pretending if
I know whoever flew on the epstein plane
with the FDA guy but the company I use
is they're very confident that their
tests work and they say even though
they're not FDA approved if there's all
your well being for your own knowledge
is it that they're incorrect mostly with
false positives or they won't tell you
and you did have it I don't know it's a
good question because if it's false if
they tell you that you had it and you
didn't that's not quite as bad yeah it's
a little more safe than sorry they know
the doctor said they've had many
positives they've had plenty of
positives and a lot of people that just
had like a little bit of a call for a
few days and it went away and turned out
to be positive really and some people
with no symptoms at all okay so if you
just had a coffin one way in a few days
does that mean you don't get that's a
good question right does that mean is
that precisely yeah no one knows they
don't know they really don't know it's a
it's a new disease whenever something's
new it's like there's guesswork going on
it's like who knows they don't really
exactly know they know a few things
about it they're learning what they're
getting lots of help from China
is uh the lady the Las Vegas mayor those
was him before yeah Anderson Cooper
Anderson's explain this to her and he's
like in a restaurant trash like China
this is Las Vegas Nevada this isn't
China
he actually said here wow that's very
ignorant like it was
that's an incredible it was a ridiculous
it was indicative of how those are first
of all is indicative how those are not
real conversations yeah right you're
gonna talk about something that
complicated it shouldn't be you're over
there I'm over here there's like a
fucking thing in your ear you don't even
see that right and you're just talking
into a camera that's just what a lot of
those are actually loves it to Anderson
Cooper's more than ones that loves loves
like pretend performative oh I can't
believe this and he's like keep it keep
it coming baby
what's it Dom member him loose Donald
sterling with Donald stars like when
magic had those aids I used to pray for
him middle nation and uh a watch angel
Cooper's video warning it might be kind
of shocking like is it like it looked
like he was holding in choosing his
pants every time the guy would say
another word well he's very good at his
job he must enjoy some of that must
enjoy really catching people saying
stupid people from vague first of all
people from Vegas are from the whole
world
that's what's ridiculous put there's a
ton of Chinese people gambling in Vegas
before anywhere well they build casinos
to the standards of Chinese people like
if there's things that are not a Feng
Shui like in here's an example the MGM
he had a walk in through the mouth of a
black people in check please we're not
walking through a lion's mouth change
yes it's bad luck you can't walk into a
fucking lion's mouth it does make sense
by the way it totally makes sense what
what are you stupid
you know I have not superstition now
that you mention if you're gambling yeah
come on take these motherfuckers down
are you walking through a lion's head
god damn it's a trap I'm so stupid I
walked into life and they fix can they
make it like a dragon's head or like a
better luck animal I don't think you're
allowed to walk through an animal's head
that means that animals eating you
they're more sensible about it than we
are what if it's a very lucky dragon and
its
yeah it's like you gotta be in the belly
of the beast in order to get the magic
no they're not dumb they're not gonna go
through that fucking lion's mouth and on
their way to a den of gambling trying to
win money
who knows maybe five billion dollar
maybe if you didn't slaughter every rare
animal to get a fucking 6-inch boner you
could you wouldn't have these bad luck
problems dude key Mangin that whole
rhino horn thing like you're over some
dudes house is like would you like some
Rhino team it right the principal is
literally just cuz it has a fucking horn
that looks like kind of like a dick yeah
don't have anything dick like on your
person as an animal in China because you
will they somebody will be like that
somebody's got a snort powder of that
well I talked to a friend of mine about
this who he knows a lot about Chinese
culture and what he said was that it's
not really that they think it's gonna
give him a boner cuz they know about
viagra but it's that it shows that you
have this yeah that's very difficult to
go there I've never been in China I've
been to Taiwan Oh Taiwan is very
different I think I've never been it I
want I went to the you know mainland the
Big Island of China yeah and it's that
was the most materialistic like you know
having big labels on your coat
there's all these fake ed hardy jackets
that I guess are very expensive and it
would have like a like remember Minnie
Pearl that had that big price tag on it
it's like that big and I'd be hanging
off a very obviously not ed hardy
there's a sneaker where it's in style to
wear the label we had a shit fit about
it on this podcast what's it called
again Jamie off white shoes yes thank
you
it's a giant plastic tag I hope it's a
GPS tracker it just tracks dummies it
might be I dump these with these tags on
their feet look what they do the people
that keep that shit on their feet let's
see what they hear that's the biggest
insult you could say someone's like you
I heard you're poor like that's like
terrible terrible insult there why was
it say I heard you're poor it's just a
way that people insult each other like
oh you're poor like oh that's the
meanest thing you can say
I mean it's probably not the meanest
like go walk in a tiger mouth is the
meanest but - so if someone said you're
talking about in China yeah so if
someone says I heard you're poor that's
like the worst insult they could say to
you calling you poor not the guy heard
part is just that's just how about just
calling you pours are you ultimate
insult yes so everything it's like an
80s movie bully ya know what's important
about that whether it's North Korea or
China it's important for us to realize
that their styles of living that work
and one of the big one that works is
freedom yeah right
and this is the best place for that
freedom style of living is right here
and then you realize that in this same
day and age not a small country but a
country with three times as many people
as us can be controlled by a military
dictatorship well oh dude I was shocked
it's got sounds like a weird thing to
say but I was shocked by how much more
freedoms they had and I mean you're not
free to like hey fuck you the government
you're not at all don't ya can't if you
said anything like that they would come
after you know that when I did comedy
like you'd say when any political Ju
womp there's nothing about China and now
at the time I was like oh I don't know
anything about China so fine so but you
could just smoke with it wherever like
the hospital you could like my friend we
went to go eat at some hotpot place I
was like do you like Chinese food I had
was hotpot it's golf and we couldn't
find parking and he fucking parked on
some stairs like the front stairs to a
bit he just parked like that and I was
like are you allowed to park here and
it's fine that it's late the cops
weren't home the cuff just go Jesus
Christ yes so that's why they had to
have that so you know it is like 1984
ish but that Social Credit System were
they yeah they can't possibly police
that many people the cities I went to
were like 3 New York New York City
cities all next to each other in a rut
like it's enormous it's like fucking a
Judge Dredd
it looked like only the future is what
it looked like everybody had a mask on I
got a theory man and my theory is if you
look at all the old old cultures like so
many the old except for parts of Europe
but a lot of the old Asian cultures they
still like they've been around lot like
what country's been around longer than
yeah that's a massive point of pride
it's like you get a inverse kind of like
in America it's like new money compared
to old money like the what my point was
I wonder if like after a certain amount
of years even like a real valid
democracy eventually gives in to the
weight of people's instincts to control
each other I wonder if like that's what
China's what is the longest surviving
country right somebody told me that one
of their if they've had the same
government this entire time you know
instead of a dynasty it's just like the
generals kids and shit exactly and so
this guy's like their amp it's just been
the same way forever and you just change
the names of stuff so it's really what
communism is mmm-hmm the part of
communism they're taking is like the
state control yeah but they have like a
very like no welfare system kind of if
it feels like an 80s movie like greed is
good if it has that feeling of about you
know I mean and uh also I was shocked
how good the comics were really like
front yeah well all the streaming stuff
is there so you know whatever who
they've seen all your comedy and so they
have like I was just surprised like oh
this is like they like they get how to
do stand-up so where they were they
expats where the people that live there
shows I did where there were expats and
also people from there Wow and that's
cool but gotta be a tricky tightrope to
walk doing stand-up in China do not well
I had nothing to say about China I
didn't know any of the priests off at
the time yeah but I mean for someone
someone who does stand-up there in China
like locals you have two more what I I
think we have to worry about is another
business because popular people like it
but let's see some guy down the block
runs a bar mm-hmm and he's jealous that
you're getting business he can go to the
interior ministry people and go they're
putting in
communist propaganda and then something
with but in mine and he you know he knew
people at the ministry and they go
listen we know you weren't doing that
but you just can't do shows for six
months because merely cuz someone
reported it we have to do that so that's
the that's the Sharia this is one of the
that instinct that people have to do
things like that it's one of the reasons
why I got so upset when LA started
offering rewards on social social
distancing violator yeah so if someone
is like high five and his neighbor or
you go over the next-door neighbor's
house you have dinner or something like
that like people are stitching people
out for money I was already reporting
people for high fives before this virus
they're getting very into well don't you
think they just figured out like the
people like that cuz when this they
first thing for his head people didn't
it was funny watching especially like
the social jihad he's trying to figure
out what side of this they're on right
they're like well I don't know so for a
little bit they were like okay whatever
Trump says I'm against that and then now
it's more on the okay so you got a
social distance and like enforcing it it
seems like that that group went to that
now yeah and also policing who gets test
it yeah well it seems like this is the
new thing now right it's like here's the
new thing to be outraged about it's like
who is going outside without a mask who
is doing this without gloves you have to
transfer your business like because that
was a big business before this it's like
how do I adjust my business which is
because I don't think anyone is out
racial yeah no one is out rate I mean
I've do you think they aren't or do you
think I need a false there they're
foolishly focusing on things that are
not as important well that's if you are
serious about it well that's not the
people that like you know make a living
off doing it if I see in the media then
it's not sincere well there's there's a
lot of that for sure but there's a lot
of things you can't rule out people
actually being upset about something
that's legitimately upsetting I unless
your make it it's almost like the thing
we're talking about the preacher thing
if you're getting rich off it I don't
believe it well the problem is it's like
a cry wolf thing it's like there are
some things that like did you see the
the Elon Musk beef that he got in with
someone who is a reporter for CNN yeah
why okay why are they so anti him I
don't know I don't know but it didn't
make any sense because he said there was
greater thing yeah and he said are you
aware that there's a search function and
then would played little semantic games
to keep retweeting these different
nurses that are showing these
respirators and they're like thanking
him smiling and and holding up the Tesla
sign and he showed all the different
places that he can use respirators and
explained and they're still like they're
not gonna go back on it cuz so so now
they're now well they're not technically
respirators they're a different kind of
thing it was it was different ones for
different places
I believe it's ones hospitals asked him
to get and they are respirators they're
non-invasive as per machine
yes but it's pumping oxygen into your
into your lungs right it's a type of a
respirator is I don't know I was knocked
over 19 I got tested well
congratulations I don't talking out of
my ass but I do know that oxygen goes
into those things I mean that's that's
the whole reason why are technically bad
people wear them yeah no they are event
they're a kind of ventilator and the
hospital said could you get these for us
and all the shit to give someone a hard
time about it's like he's they're out to
getting these things he trashed the
media he hit me on twitter be like and
what if it doesn't the press suck so
it's like if you it's like hero cop
killer or something like this if you go
on YouTube this guy Alex or Alec
Bostwick he's a reporter and he's into I
caught a video has raised explain it
it's like cops like the media's like
cops and a PR person is your lawyer so
you don't ever talk to the cops without
a lawyer you know that you don't and
they have and we need journalists we
need cops but the people that abuse it
or they're corrupt which is like a lot
of them there's so many people doing it
right and there's different styles of
doing it well there's a certain amount
of like serving collects where so now
these people they were tormak over 19
like they didn't know how to handle this
for their business of like we got to
condemn people it sounds like a fossil
fuel they're almost a hundred frie of
digging these tweets
they're like well how far back do your
tweets go fossil view
like and it's like there's ones they're
saving like okay we have these old black
face picks of like Tom Hanks or yeah
like what about these Indian baseball
teams yeah right
or the Braves the Indians didn't
somebody get mad at Adam driver because
of this one I was crazy it was because
he I don't know he even though he's in
the military but he went and served in
Iraq he because after 9/11 he wanted to
go fight against you know he said you
had a vague because nothing against
Muslims I have feeling of I want to go
fight whoever attack it so he's
Islamophobic there's a whole Twitter
Islamophobia thing which is Wilder
that's how far disconnected Twitter is
that section of Twitter that doesn't
yeah that's how absolutely fucking break
from reality well it's it's a new form
of communication and through this new
form of communication people have
strengthened ideologies right for good
or for bad and I think that's just part
of what that is that's part of what that
is with the outrage Twitter but it's
also part of what that is with other
good stuff like the giant scientific
debate Twitter and people talking about
different issues in the calm collective
way let's can't throw out the baby with
the bathwater there's something there's
a lot of good to what's going on with
like weird online social discourse but
you're definitely seeing people get
enraged and you're flamed more often
well by the way when you brought up the
cult thing in the beginning that's what
it is it's like yeah that's a certain
kind of cult and you can't talk anybody
out of being in a cult like especially
when I was like a deep believer no one
would have you wouldn't have shown me
any evidence or anything that would have
made me turn from my call when people
leave it's because it didn't when you
need it need it to do what it's supposed
to do it didn't do that for you when you
needed it so that that's how people
leave they don't leave because you yell
I might tell them they're stupid or any
of that so all these sock just types the
same way they're as it fails for them
you could see people now like I'm not
doing it Jamie kills teens one first
right he's the he's the best example in
my opinion because he's been like really
honest no right how gross he felt when
he was like attacked and he was like a
cold guy it was crazy
yeah
and then they went after him and he was
like oh shit like you no one's safe well
so that's that's the it's the running
out of fuel for these fucking things so
so that's why yeah I mean they're just
gonna dig through all of it it's like
polluting and it's that's why they're
going like 83 1983 you touched someone's
vagina who was 1983 1983 though the
1980s one was actually we the guy from
start row got in trouble who Picard
no no the guy who is on Howard Stern
Show Sulu you know yes yeah yeah George
I know you said he grabbed someone's
penis or something oh okay
in 1983 or something like that like
legitimately like talking about in the
80s I mean it sounds about right
you know it never happened but it's like
when when they're if they run out of
outrage if people like really run out of
outrage and they go searching for it and
all that those are very like there's a
lot of movies that if you went and went
searching for them like outraged you get
really mad if you were looking at you
watch yeah right well people look at me
Ace Ventura pet detective oh yeah Oh
port to you which is the one know where
he goes Africa I just watch that
recently it was an Ace Ventura what was
the one where Shawn yeah was it named
that it was that was right where it
turns out he was a guy sign or nine or
things oh no that's right that is part
one all right yeah there's so many old
movies man I watched Tommy Boy the other
day there's so many movies that have
scenes you couldn't do now the fucking
30 rock is all things you couldn't do
shit we do it happen you can't do them
on like the network this is the thing it
was part of the reason for the the mad
grab for like outrage things it's like
stuff like this or anything YouTube or
all that shit is eating up their lunch
and so they'll they went all in solemn
to the fucking whatever that I whatever
the idea of a millennial on Twitter was
yeah that's what people were pandering
to in it they called it on South Park
dude you remember the episode of uh
what's his ain't PC principal where they
introduced PC principal
so there's a scene when there's two
forms like well PC is back how long you
think it's gonna be this time and go six
years and I'll be goddamned it was back
in 2015 and now these shits Peter now
it's about six years yeah people get mad
and it's like it's like a jackrabbit
thing like there's like populations
Jackrabbits they go up and down like
every seven years it's very long that's
right what I think ideas can very well
be like diseases and then you know they
come and go and like big ones stick you
know
big I love whether it's a religion the
ones that have like this is what I think
is going to be an Ebola ultimately the
the social justice thing is just it's
too burnt itself out too much well too
many people inside of it got attacked
and felt what it was like to be
misrepresented yeah and there's no
there's no fallback or also not nice
looked here you're supposed to be the
good person right if you're if you
really like if someone social justice
warrior one of the first thing they
think is that they're doing a good thing
and that they are they have an
intelligent philosophy right it's an
it's not an idiots way of looking at the
world it's an intelligent way of looking
at the world right and they feel wise in
their eyes right because they get
ideologically drew but I don't think
they realize that a big part if you if
you act that way and you're attacking
people I think you realize a big part of
being a person is learning how to be
nice to each other and if you just go
out of your way to attack people you
don't ever get those people to change
their mind what you what you do is you
get those people mad at you you get
those people sad they feel upset that
sounds like humans and these are
internet people you can't you can't like
get them to listen to your opinion and
take it seriously very disrespectful
that's just a tenant of human beings
right and it's there oh yeah they're
socially fucked up people that are
engaging and these online wars right and
they're doing it for these little
adrenalin bursts and these little
dopamine hits and there's something that
is why I do anything yeah no it's oh
it's a weak-ass but that's how you get
like that is not having a look at
and say that yeah I think you know so so
it's just gonna burn out because there's
no you know like Christianity Zakaria
very that's a corona that's gonna be
around a long time yeah like that game
locked up yeah ain't got their own
country
well coronavirus you can get it get like
there's a forget if I want to become a
job as witness again and I was like you
know what I repent for every or whatever
I did that took me out of this and I
want to be then you can go in so so
there's a you I could become that again
do I mean like Jamie kills team can
never be a social justice warrior didn't
let him back yeah yeah well I saw people
attacking him and misrepresenting him
when he left I was like people told me
he raced somewhere that's the shit that
I had that no one whenever no one ever
accused him of that and then even when
he when he did leave it's like he
attacked them what he was accused of is
so crazy
it's just that Jamie went all in bashing
other people my feeling is if he's
accused of flirting with girls or
something like that it's so much worse I
mean it's such a long story but I it's
so crazy that what the actual story is
is just that he went after people and so
when you do have people turn on you like
well fuck you it yeah but you can't be
like that if somebody comes out of a
thing you've got to be cool yeah well
that's how you would like people to be
in real life right if in real life I
would like everybody to be real
reasonable when they talk to each other
and hang out with each other but on
Twitter for some reason like people that
think they're reasonable people will say
some shit that you would never say to
someone in real life because if you did
you'd be such a fucking asshole if
you're just looking face to face and you
said some of the things that some people
were just right to random people on
Twitter you would be a fucking asshole
but for some reason well that's a shot
escape clause like you would think the
cruelty would create a callousness to it
you know what I mean but music it's like
people say they crazy a shit but and
then be hypersensitive to anything said
right there direction right right it's
not it's not that's a good point like
really both punch each other and that's
what we do it's not like that they get
deep but they get more raw it's it's
really like an unsatisfying call to be
it's it's missing a thing and the big
thing if you want to be right is you got
to be nice
it's not a nice one it's not a
reasonable one
it's an attacking one in in attacking at
a lot of things that are very debatable
and they just want you I think that's it
there's no debate on this yeah there's a
lot of things that are very debatable
well like when it comes to any
controversial issue there's their
controversial for a reason they're like
a lot of them you know there's there's
debate there's debate - could be had
now if you can shut it right down yeah
that's that's what uh that's the Mojo's
witness as the uh you know you basically
let's say you were like hey so i'm about
this seems off and i have an issue with
it i didn't raise your hand and say that
in the because there's a Bible you don't
want to stumble your brother right like
what if your doubt or whatever you had
like keep it to yourself you know
there's a time to discuss I don't know
when but the worst thing can happen is
you hurt someone else's faith by you
saying the thing that's obvious that's
in front of your face so that that lets
in all kinds of horrible what if you
hear about like mala stations or you
know jobs what is actually the largest
settlement in history really for that
yeah and it's not because someone in a
position of authority did it it's
because they did but all these places do
and then go to the cops
they're like we're gonna handle it and
that's why we all bunch of church tanks
like if this kind of the kid diddling
happens and when it happens it's really
a morality issue of probably the kid
like like we have to see if they need to
be married now that's the kind of God
well it's just old ass all Bronze Age
you know how crazy is the Catholic
Church is there another country that is
like the Vatican the Vatican's like a
country that's inside Italy right you
know isn't it essentially like no
sovereign nation and is the idea that so
that no one can get kicked out like they
can't get a you know extradited to the
rest of the free world no I don't know I
think it's like like that I think it
goes back a long time but how weird is
that
I mean how weird is that like if you've
got a kid fucking priest and they're
holed up in a church over there he is
probably the best place for him right
it's not a heavy kid population it's
just a bunch other
all religions by the way have roughly as
much as the Catholic Church pedophiles
yes all healing all of them some more so
it's just you know they actually kind of
handled it more and they didn't do a
great job now but they did it their
reckoning came that it hasn't really
come for a bunch of others on such a
large she don't hear about that with
like Baptists or all of course you do
really I should talk to you uh my friend
Brooke was in quiver full what's
crimpable
the nineteen it member the show 19 and
counting no I don't with the Duggar
family that's right yeah and uh and it's
like your quiver is supposed to be full
so oh yeah you're supposed to always be
having kids I know there's a good
analogy there because if you're one of
those assholes there's a 20 arrow quiver
that's a lot of weight I can fit 20
arrows in my wife's pussy now well it's
like there's a there's a quiver analogy
believe it or not for archery and
particularly for bow hunting yeah that's
probably good too many arrows like one
of the best bow hunters I know my friend
John Dudley he only takes four arrows
that's it the only it's four because it
weighs your bow down he doesn't want a
bunch of weight over here on the side of
his bow so the analogy is to not have
too many kids yeah if you have very
bears is like have nineteen I don't know
but that's a bad analogy like but but
the idea like oh I'm gonna have a
hundred arrows okay well you got to
carry those around Stu to know who
founded it the idea and by the way it's
not it's own religion it's a thing that
they're if you're just like you could be
a Methodist and you're in that movement
do you know what I mean I think the
founders are some dude who's still there
and this chick who former feminist mood
who changed to this like she went the
other oh wow
extreme that happens to sometimes yeah
that where do you see the other way if
you thought you didn't like like the
hyper left like kids waiting till they
become Republicans how much you're not
gonna like them Oh their kids are gonna
become Republicans for sure there's a
lot of them are gonna flip a lot of them
are gonna get older thinking that we're
talking yesterday on the podcast I did
with Owen Smith we were talking about
farmers how some most farmers like the
lot of them are Christian and a lot of
them are
right was a lot of them right-wing oh
yeah I was saying because they're
no-nonsense people because they get up
at six o'clock in the fucking morning
every day and they feed the chickens and
milk house and they have to do it every
goddamn day they wanna hear your
bullshit they do it on they have no time
for lazy people that they think
everybody's trying to make a fast buck
and they're out there every day so if
you've never been around it people have
never been around that have the most TV
like deep shit Hollywood idea of a white
farmer yeah it's crazy hard work really
fucking hard yeah real strong member um
those are different kind of people
yo Harris Stanton did you know him yeah
look using the accident with Tracy and
uh but in that way I have number that
when Tracy's uh two of us got hit he was
one of them yeah he's a lot i mean he's
not that I don't watch but uh yeah
Harris he's that he's from South
Carolina used to be a who's gonna play
baseball or something then hurt his
fucking leg and became a comic but he
fucking uh one of the strongest fucking
people I used to do tobacco bales oh
jeez likes others and tobacco farming so
it's like what did Country Strong it's
crazy how strongly you know how crazy
that is that's actually a workout for
CrossFit yeah that kettlebell workout
it's called the farmers walk farmers
carry did you see take a heavy
kettlebell in each hand you walk with it
so you just why don't just get a job
that is really at that point motions
farmer strength is a real strength like
yeah like wrestlers always talk about
farmer strength that's like a like a
expression I mean it sounds so close to
retard strength but the idea is you're
picking up bales of hay all day like
they're doing things all day and instead
of working out which is like you burn
yourself out that was the most
tremendous working just go my friend's
dad drove a truck you know a
tractor-trailer cross and his fucking
hair like Popeye forms yeah
cuz the shifter is there I'm sure he was
fearsome least it was like it was
upsetting how strong his doubts and and
I just remember like everybody's dad had
a job like that well think about was
some jobs like lumberjack
like a lumberjack you immediately think
of a giant man I think my paper towel
giant yes yeah that did that for the job
he was a lumberjack right the paper
towel guy was a brawny guys not a giant
he didn't is not the brawny guy I looked
the brawny guy rip off for the Paul
Bunyan carolinians like that but what is
are we imagining the brawny guy
incorrectly I have a feeling he's just a
regular-sized guy this is a handsome the
kind of guy men and women want to fuck
that's right it's like a Marlboro Man
type character starts the orgy in the
LSD camp yeah it's clean it's just a
perspective thing that's what I'm saying
there we go guy with the moustache the
guy with the moustache then on the left
hand side yeah he's just a regular-sized
guy with some trees behind him the guy
no the on the guy in the top - is that
the same guy or is that different
mustache guys the new guy is that guy's
he died of HIV sadly that's why we had
this new like I don't understand why
they got rid of the old brawny guy it
made a totally different guy a brawny
guy because this is this is clean looks
like he lives in Long Island and yeah he
really looks like Adam Carolla
he owns a travel company he's got like
one of them second wait market ticket
sales companies yeah they had the
strength has no gender what is that it's
a brawny commercial please yeah don't
say that's real good strength there's no
gender that's true I guess why do you
think in the the well it looks really
like a lesbian book club with some
kindly look at the there are definitely
women that are stronger than some men
yeah well I had it but I don't know why
I don't first of all it only what why a
paper towel would tell me anything
well not only that why is it assuming
that I don't think that women are strong
it's assuming it that's what it's not
that it's not a strength has no gender
okay let's it's our women it's a way but
listen if it was us what it was a bunch
of meathead looking men standing there
as head strength has no gender
fuck you
we know you're strong right stop women
are strong too
like okay I didn't say you were I just
said strength has no gender and here's
keeping me and my somebody in marketing
that's like the the whoever does the
marketing they're like women who've the
Don Draper's that go what do women want
this is like they're white they are
angry they don't think they're strong
like that's the that's the purely the
it's like the dumb dad on the sitcom
thing that's just like a thing that's
been going on for I don't know forever
that image that insulting fucking yeah
they're teaching you about life because
because every woman is an engineer I
would feel so sold out if I was a guy
and I was really into brawny cuz you I
kind of look like the brawny guy and I
got and there's three chicks if you were
positioned if you felt like the brawny
guy but literally it's like pregnant men
ok the brawny guys at goddamned
lumberjack I would assume most
Lumberjacks are probably big strong men
you don't think he became a gay kind of
icon Ally I mean I understand they they
have three female Lumberjacks three well
you do the job of one man Jack the
lumber of one full man this is gonna
take three yeah it's just what are the
percentages of women that are
Lumberjacks and what's the likelihood of
three of them being on a team it looks
in that picture he looks like a guy
who's about to take a shuttle by the way
this is an ignorant question I I'm aware
if you're a female lumberjack and you're
mad at me right now I'm sorry I don't
know anybody that's a female lumberjack
I'm just act just asking questions
they're mean they're wearing lumberjack
clothes that's what a lumberjack wear
you should sue me are you posing what if
you don't Valor is it still about are
you preparing trees you wearing a
lumberjack shirt is stolen it is these
are models these are hot chicks with
nice nails they're not out there
carrying trees and shit you know they
could by the way
you know I'll tell you what the women
that do do their job I promise they're
not gonna put on the paper
there's just fucking put a wig on the
guy look at that one lady with her
sleeves rolled up are you about to go to
work look at her good that picture click
on that she's got this really thin body
there's really thin arms and she's got
her sleeves rolled up with a flannel
shirt flannel shirt on in front of a
bunch of trees are you about to chop
trees down ma'am
because you weigh 90 pounds the idea is
to make you think that you feel like a
lumberjack while you're wiping your
counter down is the is what they're
trying I think we need to be more
respectful about what the fuck it means
to be a lumberjack I would think you you
would think that that would be romantic
until you did that job eight hours a day
five days a week and your fucking body's
broken down because you're carrying logs
in your shoulder and shit you're
chopping it trees oh my god was your
father a lumberjack because it's very I
feel you can't pretend you're a goddamn
lumberjack
you can't take a hot model and cover a
face with a little bit of coal powder
and pretend she's a coal miner in West
Virginia getting black lung you can't
because she's not sounds like a great
point I believe you you're not a
lumberjack lady and that guy okay brawny
wood what if that was for Similac and he
was breastfeeding that would be fucking
hilarious just as likely is that lady
being a lumberjack just as likely that
the brawny guy is breastfeeding yep I
think yes just as likely lumberjack is a
brutal physical it's if a woman's doing
it that woman's gonna be jacked she's
gonna be strong as fuck what's the one
that uh
jeans shirt I just left it with that
what's the one that kicked off the whole
like oh the Gillette one like the one
that kicked off the whole like fuck men
advertising that one you know the
fucking Gillette I don't know here's a
while ago it's that I miss it it was
like some outrage you must have talked
about it which one wasn't it was holy it
was about is this is this the best a man
can get
and then they wish and it was like the
me to movement times up
fucking the guys looking in the mirror
himself and then it cuts to you now I
remember yeah it was preposterous really
high so no no I remember it now I
blocked it out like a childhood
molestation well then there was like a
fake debate I always be like I'm never
buying Gillette you know people are
tweeting they're throwing out their
fucking Gillette razors and I'm somebody
totally goes great it's brilliant
because it's to the women who were
buying the razors but here's the thing
the women are by rate they're not into
that either so a woman that's buying
razors for a man is also not into the
fucking Gillette so whoever is in charge
of the marketing it's their entire like
what do you think that is do you think
that's like someone who decides they're
gonna cash in yeah well it's that man
and they just say maybe there's an
opportunity here to make some money dude
wait okay I totally forgot what do you
remember look at this the guy men with
their fucking sick hunt now did you see
what they just showed it's like his hand
on her shoulder
no it was a fucking sitcom where a white
guy grabs his black maids ass and it's
all men in the hahaha what fucking show
was that this is a god I've just fucking
grabbed his maids ass everyone's like
yeah is there a show like that made with
children no even then that's so fake
that's such a bizarre but it's right
you're dead right because it's a
recreation of something that didn't
really happen what is to be an example
of that's not even like a mash-up of
anything I've ever seen but it's like
they made a fake TV show yeah it's like
here's an example of the type of shows
you like no one was watching that but
that's not even a show right that's why
so we are even it yeah so it's like a
straw man show the whole thing is a
fucking strong right but I mean that if
there that's a weird way of doing it is
that what they were depicting with a
depicting a fake sitcom yeah face it you
like it right which mean it seemed like
it was friendly well that weird is that
they don't have a real example how weird
is that this is our gonna fix that right
there
yeah how weird is that like not even a
puppet did shit like that on one of the
puppet sitcoms from the 90s and that's
weird to know his hand on that girl's
shoulder and she had this weird look in
her face like oh my god I know that's
the craziest like if a woman I thought
it was a Joe Biden campaign if you were
working with the woman and she put her
hand on your shoulder like that will you
be it would be nothing um
right yeah well it's not well it's not a
good example to put in your ad I look in
a real situation like hey I've felt this
weird thing I'm sure there could be a
situation that someone puts their hand
on your shoulder and it's weird right oh
yeah not automatically or or that you're
they insulted you yeah when you put
their hand on your shoulder why are you
putting this the whole point that I
can't get past is why the fuck is JIT
what are you talking about boy
arm where you tell me how great your
razors are you fucks you should be
begging me to buy your fucking man you
fucking more they think it causes a
scene people know cuz then you talk
about it like on a podcast right and
then they're like so you've got
engagement that doesn't mean people are
gonna buy this shit I'm not gonna not
buy it I just think some marketing
person fucked up I don't think it's
representative of the whole company um
some marketing person they just they
decided they were gonna like yeah right
hatch hitch a ride onto the back of this
movement a bunch of things did yeah
first ton of things isn't that weird
when they do that it's like it's you
think I'm so stupid I'm not gonna know
what you're doing that you're because
statistically you are that's they have
some kind of research where they're like
yes you are statistically it's like the
letter from Nigeria tube wow it's like
they're trying to be creative right so
they like creative people that are
making up these scenarios like there's a
commercials like a little scenario
here's we're gonna have a guy his Bush
is too hairy
he's posing for the picture with Roya
they're gonna send into space but they
want him to shave his sack of balls
that's the show could you slow our show
I want to show the guy going well we we
want to use you but and the guy fuck and
then you see him in the bathroom
hold this but did you see Joey Diaz his
balls we're on Twitch know they get
Tommy Store got in trouble and there's
like a real violation we
what is it an FTC or FD where is the FDA
but violated him they do in a commie
store alive fucking balls cuz he pulls
him out he's bored so Joey Diaz just
pulls his balls out and he's holding on
to them like he's got two kitten heads
and an old lady's pantyhose fuck the
biggest balls you've ever seen in your
life isn't that a violation of twitch to
fully have you yes they got kicked off
at which it wasn't good but you got to
see the video on my phone I saved it
here's how good it was
it was so good I screamed because I'm
like this is gonna go away they're gonna
pull this down because people are
communists and they know they don't want
to see something amazing so watch this
so look that's a screenshot of someone
filming it that looks like from dude I
thought he had fake balls as a joke
those are alive seen them for years I've
said the first time I saw him was in 96
he's got a lot of ball skin dude his
balls are soft balls they're soft balls
stuffed in a flash cover oh my god Danny
Burke's got his shirt off I just I'll
donate money ya goddamn yeah because I'm
just thinking of the amount of distance
of scrotum you need to flop him out that
amassed balls are preposterous he's
obligated to take them out - you
understand about do you get what he's
saying he's not playing any games
screengrab
that's probably he'd go to jail for that
or something everybody got assaulted
I well until I saw the size of birds in
a trap Burt's trapped never play - oh
yeah he's trapped in and I always have
to take my shirt off thing same thing
happen to TIG Notaro
how many ladies oh that's even darker I
forgot about Tigs
anyway
terrible person I know I got so I
imagine why can't women do that is there
a topless female comic cuz you don't
it's not when birds taking shirt off
it's not like sexual except to like you
know if you're Linda Bears right it's a
woman that could do that same kind of
thing she has to be not attractive hmm
but that's the whole Bert thing listen
be a guy you don't want to be that hot
yeah well Bert's because his body's
large I feel like it was his shirt off
can anyone ever taking the shirt off
no because it's part of the fun it's
more than a pump like is it brave
because you don't have to applaud him
for that I just want to accentuate the
comedy whereas the girls big tits don't
really accentuate the comedy like Bert's
big belly accentuates the comedy I mean
it's like you're hanging out at a pool
with Bert laughing that's what it the
effect is it creates a girl just pulls
her tits I was just weird if you're that
kind of a fat guy that yeah I mean yeah
I guess you better be like a baby on the
end of it I guess well women could do it
we would just have to be accustomed to
it the problem is like if a woman just
pulls her tits off tits out and starts
telling Josh we don't usually if it was
always like that it would be just like
you see on those old documentaries of
like you know yeah somewhere in Africa
they all have bras and it's not a thing
it just like exactly which is how human
beings all of us used to be the whole
planet before anybody figured out how to
look if we Joey Diaz it balls were out
all the time we all could well it sort
of like it goes back to what we're
saying about the the couple that they
drew on that little plaque that they
shot off into space boy when the aliens
find out about Joey Diaz his boys
they're gonna fucking check the space
that that really should be sent to space
to represent us who else loser
earlier in the stream yeah what happened
wait there was a different guys ball
that Bobby Lee yeah he show his ass mmm
these shows like a context for it he
showed his whole asshole
you know Bobby leaves another naked guy
oh yeah yeah yeah he'll get naked I've
seen Ari Shaffir his balls and dick
multiple times as well he'll pull
everything out no ya didn't already do
something for skank fest aged naked you
know R he's trying to become a shirt off
guy he could
he's always oh well he'll do it if he
wants to whether he can or not he does
shirt off walks takes pictures all the
time sun's out guns out New York City
yeah walks around quickly never seen a
guy take to New York better than Ari
Shaffir like a duck to water just might
alright just right in his little pond
ya know a spot as many trips across Asia
probably helped him prepare he loves New
York yeah I'm sick of it I mean I like I
I liked it for a long time but I've got
ferry it's a different way of living man
I can't just have I don't want another
winner like that goes to April that I
have to I can't do it mmm I wonder how
much of that has an impact who gets the
most colds and flues is it people that
live in the cold and the East Coast or
are they more custom to it so they get
less of them or is it people in the West
it's it's how tightly packed you all
packed in you are to other people that
are gonna have it you know right that's
probably why New York probably helps
your immune system at some point when in
New York because you just bombarded with
fucking that makes sense that it would
help your immune system except for
something you don't have an immunity to
like this corona virus which is why I
was so bad in New York right because
your immune system you know I just have
no it's when you take your balls out I
don't fucking I want to know at the end
of the day what what happened it's just
gonna everybody wants to draw a
conclusion long before it would be
awesome that they tested Joey Diaz his
balls for Corona when I was testing he's
patient zero you got to squeeze him out
like that so there's a drop of blood
what so how long from Bobby taking his
ass out that's a good question
which is more offensive Bobby's asshole
or Joey Diaz's balls
it's hard
tough calls equally are well ones way
more impressive Bobby these assholes are
regular size as well be the same nature
Wow
you know it's like when you see a bird
like a toucan has a crazy because it's
fucking big holy shit is exactly like
that yeah like an exotic bird yeah you
see other birds they have normal beaks
like even an eagle it's a normal beat
right but then you see like a fucking
like I said talked it would be like oh
he's one of those set of balls at dogs
yeah like a shoe bill big shoe bills
from Africa that is a you seen one of
those motherfuckers they call me the
shoe bill cuz I got huge bald my
favorite ridiculous birds to cans got a
crazy one he's got a super bright one
tell me that doesn't get him some pussy
I don't know I don't know look at that
picture that's you know I knew hot damn
that's pretty I mean come on how
psychedelic should I want to fuck that
bird that bird is beautiful it really
does look fruit-flavored I thought the
cereal was making that up okay if that
wasn't real that wasn't a real thing and
someone drew that we go what is this the
new fucking avatar monster what is that
it does look like an Avatara on state it
looks freakier than an avatar monster
look how long that fucking beak is do
you think dinosaurs are like that's
probably all the dinosaurs were that
kind of crazy planet percent I'm by the
way 100% not Kate I don't know what I'm
talking about but i think that's the
it's been confirmed that birds are like
leftover dinosaurs right
what are those thing you know like big -
can't nut there were big Dodos but
they're all dead now
terror birds oh yeah yeah we've talked
about them a ton of times too much
almost hey we kill humans we can kill by
something that's stupid looking like
you're like Nizoral dude the shoe bills
the one who was talking about earlier
look at that motherfucker that's a lot
it's a kind of duck it's huge
five feet tall and they they're so evil
I'd I felt like Joey's dolls look
friendlier than that bird look at that
imagine that thing standing up like
looking at you in the eye moving towards
you thinking about eating you and I yeah
I don't like the around the eyes as he
looks like Ray Liotta too
I don't like it like the Ray Liotta that
was here in the helicopters overhead
yeah Karen I needed that
Karen why look at the fucking eyeball
look look at the eyeball in that thing
that thing doesn't or the fuck of you
guys I like the sequel poster face Jesus
Christ
now imagine that but imagine it nine
feet tall and that was those terror
birds get a picture that's a bird that's
aliveness a bird it's alive right now oh
I thought it was like a CG oh dude I
thought that was for one of those were
they on discovery where they make the
fake oh right right right like they
reenact if you did it with murder you
know this is a real bird it's a real
bird that lives oh my god that's real
yeah it lives in the Congo
it lives in Africa his face with those
fucking big man and really does look
like a Reebok his fucking head some
monster there's a crazy video of one of
them eating a snakehead fish it's not
really super new heads are the ones are
like who will take all these snake heads
off our hands because there's so many
fucking snake heads well they're an
invasive species so now we got to bring
in these shoe belts look good thing
that's this that's the fish yeah and
this thing snatches it up and and and
gobbles it oh and that thing breathes
air and this motherfucker comes dude
that's a grazie
dinosaur looking face on that shoe head
what's a call to shoe a shoe bill look
at hitting that that's great I mean that
is a fucking dinosaur I would think that
was like a dog yeah you would think
that's a fake thing it's a 5 foot tall
bird where do they live those are in
Africa but where oh well the documentary
that I saw was there talking about the
Congo look at his fucking shoulders and
shit but I don't know what part of
Africa they live oh and the goddamn it's
crazy yeah crazy
now imagine those fucking terrors the
eyes it looks like a puppet they make a
realistic puppet for one of those
Discovery Dinitz Walking with Dinosaurs
look at that looks like a goddamn
animatronic
so fake-looking they should never do CG
because like puppets look more real I
know well they have a real hard time
with feathers and they have real hard
time with fur it's hard to get fur to
look completely realistically like I saw
that new movie with Harrison Ford and
the dog dogs fake dog yeah it's so weird
it's weird it's weird cuz it doesn't get
past the uncanny valley I would never
get pet
it's him looking and you're like I know
you're not looking at a dog dude I call
it the wild right isn't that what it is
yeah it's all fake dogs fake wolves
there's a lot of fake you know really
dog in real life that you could kind of
fake it with no man you gotta get these
dogs do very specific shit it's weird
it's real close real close that's not
that was trying to put a little flourish
in there too it's you love this dog
though man okay members awful awful it's
like yeah serious so it's always a
little off who's the person there they
got like a dwarf to be the I mean they
didn't do shit man this is all I mean
he's based on staring at the ground why
would you an him it like like a dogs a
Bigfoot or something that we we have to
submit you gotta get the dog to do very
specific things like some Ford did look
a little bit CG he probably was this is
like a low-key flex the dogs gonna say
everybody should have made it all
animated if they were going to do that
yeah right right the people - right it
would be kind of cool you're right yeah
Express or something yes which is so
creepy yeah like in the future like that
that is gonna be a horror movie this is
almost like Roger Rabbit if it wasn't
funny though the the man acting with the
animated yeah animal the call of the
wild this is called the call anyway I've
never read the book the call to when I
was a kid but this is very different
than the book they took a lot of
liberties and there's a lot of things
they changed well you know and also this
into a movie I don't know if I could
made if it was really good so yes it was
actually really good it was a good movie
it's like it's a good movie yeah but in
terms of like a family movie
oh right yeah watch
movies with my kids right so there's a
lot of movies that I watched that I know
I'll never see that because I don't have
kids so I'm taking some chances on some
movies that were what's turned out to be
a mistake
well not that it was bad but that
watched it with a nine-year-old Jojo
rabbit oh yeah it's more serious it was
about kids getting killed by nazis like
hey maybe not right now yeah switch to
Adam Sandler also we tried to watch the
first season of Lost but we put on the
first episode of the first season and
when the guy gets sucked into the the
airplane engine they show yeah I'm not
watching people get sucked into engines
after a plane crash the fuck is wrong
with you I'm nine she's right feel like
she's right the kids right yeah I
haven't had to consider kids so I you
know if I see my nieces that is Adam
Sandler movies but which some of them
are great there's some really
inappropriate see which are though like
the newer ones are which are the ones
that are like the best is Owen
Zohan is one of the funniest movies in
ever I like the zone it is a fucking
funny movie it is you know funny yeah I
like that movie it's like the end I was
it was like ridiculous yeah the same
thing you know sort of kind of
preposterous but it was you got me I'm
going with you the whole ride yeah you
know what else is a funny movie man like
an unapologetically ridiculously funny
movie
oh his fucking have a network do you see
his Netflix no really good Deena white
loved it he's awesome man
he's a great guy I've met him a few
times he's very very very nice guy but
his movies are so unapologetically funny
like just goes for all the ridiculous
jokes yeah well there's like you get a
Zohan azov it's like dick jokes and sex
Joe it was like although he got that
blowback because of on a talk show he
said like I was just going on vacation
with the last couple something right
that that's remember there was like I
was
attention he got blowback yeah cuz he
said like the ones that aren't that good
like the ones they're good I remember
they're like you know like I remember
Simpsons lines or what you know like
fucking Billy Madison right that shit
usually got a bunch of people amber and
then no more there's Lady Gilmore's our
classic that's a happy gilmore
though but the ones that I don't know if
they didn't do well that like there with
what's-her-name from et Jubei more yeah
I think that it's like those ones he
said something like the last few movies
are just going on vacation I think it
probably he probably didn't mean it like
I don't think he was like phoning in
Adam Sandler confirms that his movies
well see them all so he could just be
being he could be just being funny and
they you know you know because I have
done that I've done that since 50 first
dates Sandler explained it was written
in another place I said imagine if we
did it in Hawaii how great would that be
and they said yeah that's a very
artistic idea I've been doing that ever
since he's just saying he does movies
and vacations at the same time that's
pretty wise yeah well that it's a it
sounds like it got made into a thing by
it article you know what they are dude
they're like they're just funny alright
he just tries to do the funniest thing
and for whatever reason some people have
decided that that's dumb because there's
some movies that don't do that
there's like Coen Brothers movies we're
more sophisticated humor that still are
they like you just as hard I like all
those Cobra the movies but I never
thought of them as like like the who's
that something like that what's the
bowling one holds a pretty fucking good
pretty fucking good that's a brilliant
movie that's a brilliant did you you
know what I saw it fairly recently a
friend of mine showed me with nail and I
you hear that now what is it it's from
like the 80s and it's fucking George
Harrison from the Beatles like produced
it's a comedy fucking hilarious dude
really I never I heard of the title by
never seen it and I don't remember in
Wayne's World there that guy was like a
roadie who would tell crazy stories yeah
that character they took from this movie
and that's what he's doing
it's the same actor whoa it's that guy's
in it and this guy does that help dude I
I had never seen it it was fucking
hysterical Wow they're like out-of-work
actors and they live in this fucking rat
infested like in part you know cuz
they're alcoholics and they go to the
country to get away from their stress I
don't really spoil it it's really
goddamn funny there's some great fucking
old movies that slip through the cracks
or this one I like like I like Blazing
Saddles really yeah like of like you
could make that now I like it like that
it really is fucking classy I like I
never I heard of it never watch it was
fuckin funny mmm I'll check it out I'll
check it out
yeah it's you know who still makes
movies the same way is Tarantino he
still makes hyper I like that new one I
enjoyed it I enjoyed it a lot once upon
a time in Hollywood but I just have a
foot fetish so that's why I'm in time
yeah yeah did you see that Bruce Lee do
you believe the Bruce Lee what do you
think that whole Bruce Lee thing is
about well I've talked about it almost
too much but in the interest of keeping
up this conversation I don't think he's
right he tried he depicted Bruce Lee in
a way that made him look like an asshole
right and I think Bruce Lee was very
confident but I don't think it's really
any evidence that he was a dipshit and
then that way they make him out to be
kind of a dipshit and there was a real
instance and this is what I've talked
about before like Bruce Lee had
relationships with people that were
stuntmen in a positive way and one of
them was gene LeBell gene LeBell a
famous guy was a judo champion who
taught Bruce Lee a lot of Juno moves and
they worked together in several movies
and but gene LeBell if he had an actual
fight with Bruce Lee the way Brad Pitt
did gene LeBell woulda killed him
I mean gene LeBell was a real gigantic
man a gorilla of a man right it was a
really strong guy who was also a judo
champion I mean his grappling so it
seems like
had a like a gripe it or he just wanted
to make bruce lee it build yeah that's
the problem it's like this there's this
so there's bruce lee getting his ass
kicked by this guy who's just a random
tough guy and they get in this I mean
that's what they don't tell you that he
was so doctor killed his strong wife on
this book what's that he was here
remember he may be killed his wife who
may be killed their wife the Brad Pitt
guy that beats up Bruce Lee did he
really in the movie they suggested he
killed it what was it from what I'm not
trying to remember that now it's that's
why they didn't like him on the set
remember like the the australian lady
damn and i forgot that he was on the
belt and his wife's like bitching him
out and he just hold her spear gun and
then it never resolves oh honey that's
always rumored that he killed his wife
but nobody ever knew for sure that was
like the so when he fought bruce lee
yeah he was a kid yeah he was a carol
baskin a but with sharks this is from
your mom's house but um don't blame me i
don't know i mean she seemed like she
did it but I don't I wouldn't want it
way into that yeah I don't always steer
clear of tiger people and all good man
don't buy a Porsche get it taut if you
want to get laid get a fucking tiger
yeah Jesus Christ they all start like a
little sex cult around themselves yeah
like why is that do you think you think
is they're dealing with those Tigers
they're feeling I mean I like shooting
guns that's like a feel it's fun like
walking a tiger must feel like whatever
that is like times a million yeah be
like if you just hung out with what a
fucking shoe bill that followed your
commands if you were dealing with giant
cats all day how freaked out you'd be
well that they getting off on that this
cats not killing them when it easily
could they're all getting off on that
it's like exciting to pee and plus what
people just love animals so you get to
mix like we really primal feelings
together like yeah and then the holes
beat that's why a lady got her own bit
off but she's like don't blame the tires
make she shouldn't it's her goddamn
fault
to work there yeah for what they have a
taste you know
it's he now that was a big part of the
movie that was a profit of the accident
no she's transgender she's a he no oh
really
yeah that was a big part of the
controversy that they had misgendered
her they missed out here in the
television oh my god I thought I had
done it I don't know she you but you did
because you said she we can blame the
doc I'm as mad about this documentary as
everyone else that was the information I
had to work with brother that's a dark
moment when a tiger takes your fucking
hand you see it but okay you know when
they talk about like if a bear gets a
taste for human it's bad like if a tiger
got taste for specifically my arm like I
don't want to work with that tiger oh my
god you know there's some moments in
that that show one of them were the
Tigers dragging him away by his foot
remember that oh yeah and he shoots the
gun it's like son fucking bitch
fucking bitch remember like it's the
tiger let's go but he's like literally
holding a it's holding on to his foot
and dragging him away Wow
yeah I didn't see that point I'm
thinking about in Tiger King I missed
that one I haven't seen all of them I've
seen most of it the thing grabbed his
feet and was pulling but why and he
don't know because it's being a tiger no
I'm sorry what was the situation he was
inside the cage of the Tigers and
everything was cool but then one of them
grabs him by the foot it's checking out
his feet won't leave him alone and then
grabs him by the foot and drags him away
do you mean the way he was kind of try
Wow
so he's hitting at it with a stick and
then he pulls pulls out a gun and when
he pulls out his gun he shoots near it
and it lets go oh it's a loud noise yeah
it's a loud noise so he it lets go but
he starts screaming I mean fucking bitch
so he thinks it in the in the show he
said he thinks that someone put
something on his shoes Oh sardine oil
yeah well that was what the lady had
said like to get a cat to eat Carol
Baskin by the way I don't know if she
did this is just your mom's house they
told me to wear it they do they have a
little
our opinion cannot put that on there I
know right but they anyway he almost had
to shoot the cat was pulling him away by
his feet for some reason maybe has some
nice Jordans or something you know I
think it probably feels like if it smell
like I would just imagine leather to a
cat unless it's like really smells like
delicious beef joy seems like some kind
of a meat product yeah wouldn't it I
mean it's probably fun to bite I mean
dogs bite shoes but they're they just
bite it cuz it's soft and it feels good
or do they know it's leather
they know it's leather
that'd be crazy if they knew I know but
I mean they know it's not some sort of
an animal product maybe I don't know I
don't know a lot of stuff like further
for a dog like if you just had raw
leather laying around a dog would be
like why can't I just eat this I think
this is food they did walk up to like I
to dogs I remember them being a
particular way at leather no but like
shoes are things you wear so your smells
on them you just I think the sheen
arrived that like it somewhere you sent
out yeah but don't people give their
dogs leather to toys right I never did
so I don't know no never no I think
rawhide is leather rawhide is toys yeah
rawhide sure I thought they were edible
yeah they are edible
it's edible leather yeah the leather is
edible leather leather is edible was
yeah yeah it's just really really tough
like I'd like a jacket if you were
starving you could eat your chair people
in the depression actually boiled their
shoes and ate their shoes that was a
shoe city people they choose that's how
much people were starving to death that
was a real thing Jesus Christ
yeah now eating shoe leather was like
would people would talk about like the
lowest point of people being decimal had
to eat food Jesus Christ right oh my god
that's that's real depression we would
have been thankful for bats
I can answer you know what Swardson said
to me well I did awesome in a text group
group text with him he said a friend of
his is a sheriff and they said they used
to deal with maybe one suicide a week
you're not a dealing with as many as
five a day where I probably shouldn't
say in the Hollywood no you probably
shouldn't yeah well I mean this is a
very it's crazy but that never like a
podcast or something
people that are used to doing it like
doc didn't stand up feels very very
weird I get I'm disoriented like what
day it is and like because I didn't
realize how much I was like timing my
life out for him like when I had spots
right and depended upon it artistically
to write yeah absolutely
people have they've hit this weird
breaking point
it's we're like six weeks in right and
people are really antsy for things to
open back up again so who's like and
additional tension that seems to be in
the air well maybe it's time for
celebrities to sing us to sleep with us
don't stand so close to me yeah that's a
creepy song uh right it's not a song
about uh I guess priek Ovid nineteen
it's creepy but don't stand so close to
me isn't it about like a teacher and a
young girl is that what it's about this
subject of school well if he was saying
come closer schoolgirl I was hitting on
him he's the teacher and she's hitting
on him here we go young teacher the
subject of schoolgirl fantasy she wants
him so badly knows what she wants to be
inside her there's no room hmm
this girl's an open page book markings
so she's so close now this girl's half
his age don't stand so close to me
because they're fucking yeah well her
friends are so jealous you know how bad
girls get sometimes it's not so easy to
be the teacher's pet temptation
frustration so bad it makes him cry wet
bus stop she's waiting his car is warm
and dry don't stand so close to me loose
talk in the classroom
fucking voice holy fuck he starts to
shake he starts to cough kovat 19 to
hurt they try and try strong words in
the staff room the accusations fly
it's no use he Cesar he starts to shake
he starts to cough just like the old man
in that famous book by now bao leal
doesn't stand so this is that's the
whole song okay that song is a
paedophile song that's not about a guy
getting tricky well don't do you say a
guy getting tricked into fucking for
tonight it's a song about a guy who's
getting lured in by a young Lolita I
mean that's what it's you sing so badly
you know and then then it's not so easy
to be the teacher's pet all right
they're out together they're in the car
together it's raining out it's cars warm
and dry as another no dude it until you
told me that I've never in I don't know
how long I've heard that song like
thirty years however long it was around
thought that was what I've listened to
it so many times like not that I even
sought it out but just over and over
again and never that's what it was
that's why it doesn't matter about
lyrics like because no it's dude that
she used to move on when I was in high
school Spanish teacher in my school I
knew someone that happened to the song
was penned by Sting who just happened to
have a former career as a teacher before
the rock stardom came calling do I told
a story about it it used to fuck their
students back then I was 17 and the guy
was a Jamestown man he's a handsome
young man he's one of my favorite
teachers
anyway they fucked sure I was in high
school everybody was like a bunch of
girls I knew were dating some guy that
was like could probably have gone to
jail yeah but a few people I told the
story on re-show I knew somebody who
like it was a he was in high school and
hooked up with his geometry teacher and
they end up being married when I was in
high school I dated a girl she was a
very nice girl but she was also naughty
and this naughty girl fucked in
older man who had a boat and sounds like
such a good like song her friend fuck
the guy anyway she was a naughty girl
older man very nice she's adventurous
and one I think she said it was like
like he gave her a hard time about it
she's like motherfucker I'll turn you in
to the police
oh so much yeah we're doing a problem
show years ago you know like I don't
think do that here but in New York the
club's I promised even a bunch of like
Long Island High School's go to comedy
shows after their prom yes I I did that
at Dangerfield's yeah right I'm wearing
field sales so one of the limo drivers I
don't know who asked him like do you
ever look like cuz the probably the
girls look like kids like a like it was
crazy how much they look like kids to me
but high school kids right there would
be a couple year like oh that looks like
an older kid but they are like kids but
somebody asked the driver one time a
driver a girl I remember she was 16 he
said but she did came on to him and they
fought and she goes how much she makes
and I I think I was like I don't know
like 500 bucks I'm shows I think you
made 200 and took $300 off this thing oh
my god yeah like that's a really
advanced fucking thing to do stole 300
bucks and fucked him it's an interesting
call because she like turned herself
into a prostitute I just like don't know
why you would make that although I
remember uh remember to catch a predator
when they it would cut like half those
people seemed like they would go to
anybody who had written back again I got
a theory about that - about why guys are
into like high school kids well I think
there's some guys out there that hit a
point in their life like maybe like
right after they graduate where their
life got really fucked up and it didn't
so I've heard the sting song it got
really fucked up and it didn't go
anywhere and they wanted to like relive
their childhood Yeah right went back to
high school like maybe they have a lot
of regrets they got they got clown but
it is that kind of thing where it's like
you wanted a thing that you you're you
stuck in a certain yeah yeah well
there's the thing with women - that's
why a lot of women wind up fucking high
school boys right women there's teachers
how many times you heard that story how
many growing up it's constant the funny
thing is they barely get arrested like
most the time they don't do any time I
saw one recently there's a lot of places
she was fucking a 16 year old boy and
they just said don't do it anymore and
they gave her like one year probation
where was this I forget they gave her
cool orders knock it off stop it just
people what you call form stronger but
if it was a guy that was fucking up 50
or 60 we're just happy it's not a cousin
go home just happy it's not a guy the
guys doing it they would do it want that
guy locked up in a cage for sure but
it's interesting well I agree with it it
makes sense but it's still it's right
kind of crazy yeah I don't mean I guess
to so many features blow their students
I mean it's just it's just the only ones
you hear about are the ones where these
pussies can't keep their mouths shut
well I know some have to go to their mom
and go to the teachers and go to the
cops you know what it depends if you're
a fucking kid or not like I'll tell you
find out what it is if if I was like 16
when I was in high school like 16 I was
as kid of a 16 year old you can because
we were religious so oh okay I had no
really what I mean
so do you think that those the guys that
they try to fuck or do you think they go
after like the young football player
guys I think it's all kinds of different
like if you're a crazy girl who wants to
relive childhood relive high school so
you go I think someone strikes your
fancy and they probably never thought it
would be like that I think it's like
maybe they think I'm pure you know maybe
they think like when I was in high
school that boy wouldn't give me the
time of day if I was in high school with
him but now I can fuck them because I'm
32 and I'm the teacher do you think is
that thought through 100% it's all
planned out there's journals with Maddox
and German oh is their journey they had
a map of how they wanted to go down and
all the friends are connected and one of
those little circles with all the lines
that come out with different names who
was the one that they made that movie
about with
nicole kidman what she gets I mean
there's a real story of someone which
something you know the teacher got the
kid to kill her husband oh right that
was and that uh that was uh was that in
New Hampshire where was that yeah then
there's a documentary about her where it
like me it's so fucking crazy story was
that was that Pam smart yes Pamela smart
yeah I remember that man because
everybody had jokes about that when I
was in 88 when I was just starting to do
stand-up it was right around then that
had happened when I was in open my curse
everybody had like Pam smart jokes to
die for
yeah they what did the real Pam smart
look like not that good well keep in
mind that's imprisoned well it's just
not fair
that's their yeah she's pretty cute with
some fucked up Revere hair look at her
hair go back to that picture again what
year is that what year of hair was that
because I remember that when like
something the 80s for sure goes under
like that big money here yep in the 80s
yeah to die for was 95 yeah you're not
it's hard to fuck with a 1995 Nicole
Kidman right that's what year it was
I'm not as good yeah yeah it's fine it's
more accurate but I think like well the
Kidman was supposed to be just a
character based on her but it's fine
right because if you're doing an actual
real life story you would really if you
had a teacher that looked like Nicole
Kidman it would change the narrative
like there's a weird there's no 100% oh
this is a weirdness if it's a big fat
lady right it's a big fat the god that I
knew the guy that I knew the teacher was
hot and everybody was like well yeah
exactly what we saying tonight for is
like loosely based on that movie loosely
based fired yeah yeah so here's the
problem with that if like Salma Hayek
like hot Salma Hayek from dust to
darkness right that one in her prime
remember when there was another foot
thing with Tarantino oh yeah where it's
a shot off her feet
four feet know when you hear it and then
you look back you're like wait a minute
there was a 20-minute flick seen and
every fucking Kill Bill she's like now
wiggle your toes it's like camera hangs
on toes for a while until they until I
come what what kind of a chance does he
have a saying no he's got zero chance
buddy mythological creatures based on
their what hot she was Yeah right
fuck out of here man she was so smoking
and still is she's still hot as fuck
yeah Ludi without a foot fetish that
foot thing is like I would do that yes
exactly exactly she's beautiful now
imagine if she is the teacher and some
15 year old 16 year old boy if she the
teacher let's not say it's hurt let's
say it looks like we could be like your
cousin or something like that but really
hot just as hot as our son say it sir
let's not be disrespectful someone equal
scale of hotness to Salma Hayek fucks
your 16 year old boy like what chance
does he have a saying no to that how
about zero but some like consider zero
zero you know beyond beyond consent you
know that's I think that's the entire
idea of a cat being a kid the thing
about it yeah but the thing about it is
if he was 18 he'd be psyched for him
just two more years if he just lived 24
months look better that's that's who
somebody said it to me maybe Annie cites
me she's like if it is just like a year
like why can't you wait a year some I
think it's uh I think it's like
arbitrary they say look grown women they
want to fuck 17-year olds don't have a
year to wait those bitches are all crazy
you know they don't that's right that's
right no time to wait fucking try and
chase him down because I will a high
school student help your credit card you
know some of those women are married
some of those were in a marriage
think how are the people married and
they wind up fucking their students I
was never around that I never
experienced that as a kid where a
teacher female hot teacher fucked any of
my friends yeah no I never had that do
it it's if it's a gym teacher on
somebody in my school I remember
a female gym teacher does male gender
and somebody else but that makes sense
then he just got fired but wait just
listen you know I could be wrong I think
the guy that need the weight room at the
school had a weight room you know he'd
go to after school and the guy
I remember hearing some shit like that
about the guy that was like ran the
weight room that he's one of the gym
teachers I remember he was very always
very grabby and like oh I didn't think
it was just it was very Joe Biden II
like shoulder rubs and you know like I
got hairy legs he just wanted to press
your leg head and then you press is like
a downhill big deal just presses like
hair down everybody likes kids playing
with their leg hair it's fun yeah just
don't totally normal to talk about two
of you running for president dude that
fucking is that from the corn pop thing
let the corn pop speech yeah
the thing about I got hairy legs yeah
yeah yeah yeah something about going by
the pool yes he was a lifeguard and yeah
fucking stared down the local gang
leader corn pop is that what the story
is
yeah and he had a chain and then they
were gay instead of fighting they became
friends huh and he was like I'm sorry I
called you yesterday from with razor
wielding gangster name yeah they used to
rust their razors in a raised barrel
that's a real story whole story the same
with the pool it's just I only heard the
the legs in the pool part I think I
didn't know about this other guy cuz now
I might need to hear that these are we
allowed to play this is this news
how's this work yeah okay let's hear the
audio see what it says there's a three
meter board did you fell off sideways
you landed on the damps the darn cement
over there in corn pop was there a laugh
track on this one the corn pop is he
prohibited well I did and back in those
days and shot things have changed one of
the things had to use if you use pomade
in your hair you had to wear a baby cap
and so he's up on the board would enlist
him I said hey Esther you off the board
or I'll come up and drag you off well he
came off and he said I'll meet you out
side my car this was mostly these were
all public housing behind it my car
there was a gate on here I parked my car
outside the gate and I said I'll be
waiting for you a bird three guys and
straight razors not a joke there's a guy
named Bill right-mouse the only white
guy and he did all the pools
he was mechanic and I said what am I
going to do he said come down here in
the basement where mechanics were all
the pool builder is you know the chain
that used to be a chain that went across
the deep end and he cut off a 6-foot
length of chain you fold up he said you
walk out with that chain and you walked
in a car and say you may cut me man but
I'm gonna wrap this chain around your
head
I said you kidding me he said no if you
don't don't come back and he was right
so I walked out with the chain and I
walked up to my car and they had stepped
those days used to remember the street
raised you and bang him on the curb get
him rusty put him in a rain barrel
get him rusty and I looked at him but I
was smart then I said first of all I
said well I tell you get off the board
you get off the board I'll kick you out
again but I shouldn't have called you
after what is I apologize we're almost
done we're almost done keep it going for
a second it's only a few more seconds to
go he said you apologize to me I said I
apologize but I'm not for throwing you
out but I apologize to what I said he
said okay close the straight razor my
heart began to beat again dad a polite
were those children being by the way
during that fucking um that was one of
the things I was gonna say when I pause
it like no one's paying attention to him
all those kids are talking they all went
through a happy place
they're all just talking yeah this guy's
running for president and they're behind
him and he's on stage was this a
president a president stump think so
knows I don't know what it is but he's
running for president while this is
going on for sure he's gonna be was look
there's that thing the city of where is
it because it says it on that little
city symbol that's on the front of the
podium Dell
so who set this up where you have a
bunch of kids onstage behind him not
paying attention why he gives us
long-winded story about razor blades and
chains and basically they apologize to
each other and then it's crazy in flight
that he's a presumptive it's crazy to
run him
it's absolutely fucking crazy it's weird
man it's weird you know you know what's
interesting some I it was interesting
talking to Owen Smith yesterday because
I love Owen these are really brilliant
brilliant comedian like one of the best
guys I know you know and we were talking
about and he said I like the Biden makes
me think it like makes me feel like
things would be normal again like I
think I saying the people that go like
don't provide and that's not a small
amount of people yeah there's like so
Obama rubbed off on it but yeah Biden
was never a guy who's gonna get elected
before that he's certainly not now it
it's just trying to get that that
feeling back and it's not coming back
they got a fuckin but you've never seen
a greater example of team loyalty that
yeah and this this one right here that's
what this is 100% because no one on the
left wants to talk about these crazy
long-winded speeches and things that
don't make no sense the lefties I
learned about it watching why think
jimmy dore the people on the left this
is why they lost i mean i say that they
lost when fucking and that came out but
they're like the people who people on
the left didn't want him and no and they
weren't on board Bernie like Bernie say
and I go along with Biden people were
following Bernie cuz that what they
thought his policies would be not
necessarily like a cult of personality
so they don't give a shit if Bernie says
vote for button they're like they were
voting for way more lefty shit yeah and
not the normal feeling in fact they they
hate those the real lefties can't stand
like a Owen Smith Democrat right above
all else they wanted it changed they
wanted the real lefties want everything
yeah the Republicans had to have their
thing where Trump just trash he trounced
them when he came in right and they had
they're like wow they they're like his
bitch now and so they had that fight
there's no one Joba
uh Bernie was never gonna make do that
with the Democrats isn't crazy it's all
about likability and electability like
that's really what it's all about when
people lie simple clear message dude a
simple clear message and see the barn
thing you're right that people just want
to feel normal again like yeah I don't
know how that was Owens take those how
he felt him personally
yeah that if they could make that into a
slogan I just want to feel normal again
that would be like a Magga for them but
somebody's got to come up with that well
dude you got to look back in time and
you look at history all the mistakes
that were made throughout history you
know that's what you're reading about
when you're reading about lost wars and
invasions that went terrible you're
hearing about trials and errors and
mistakes well as we see people's fucking
principles hell yeah because I mean
wasn't it the specially Biden the thing
of all the people that were crowing
about believe her and all that shit
right that are like well you can't
believe sometimes people are lying
oh why they know when he came after him
yeah that's really despicable yeah well
there's only a few people out there that
don't do that that are in like the media
that are in this that sort of the media
loves this shit more than I mean how
they hate Trump when it's like 90% their
fucking fault part it's there's a lot of
different things going on did you see
like sports it's like you want your team
to win it's a lot that's a huge amount
of that place you know that movie
annihilation with Natalie Portman yeah
that was the one where they there was a
by the same guy who made ex machina
right yes said it yeah that was really
good
remember the end and Natalie Portman and
there's like don't spoiler alert it for
everybody this is quarantine people
could see that movie now all right well
when you see this like they've had
enough time to watch it I'm just kidding
when she's there's a thing of her that's
rainbow-colored that's like a duplicate
of her that she's trying to run it's
pressing her against the door she's
fighting it and then she stops for a
minute and then she gives it a grenade
and pulls it and Walt and gets away by
being call
the more she would fight it would give
equal reaction back at her that's what
these people it's like Trump's your
fucking reflection and you hate it and
the more they fight it the more it
presses them back up against the door
and and that's that's what
there's no never gonna figure out how to
just like give him the grenade and pull
the pin and walk away because they can't
like a he definitely makes mistakes but
they are also so wrapped up in
everything that he does in a way that
they distort even things that probably
turned out to be a good idea plans for
that he does that every the people that
it just could get ruined by one minor
thing you're like I'll do a thing every
fucking day and what are you gonna do
and people like these go like a bunch of
you just don't follow him or they like
it's genius do I you hate his guts you
can't say it wasn't very smart so wound
up but this is look anytime you get too
emotional about things your your view of
things get distorted it's one things
that happens in fights all the time you
see fighters talk shit to each other
right and one of the reasons why they
talk shit to each other because they're
trying to get the other person
emotionally invested in the fight right
they're trying to get them angry and
pissed off where they gonna do something
irrational they're not gonna be logical
right but that's what you're seeing that
with him you know instead of them
analyzing it it's like everything is a
personal affront and he because I've
done it must be selected people that
vote for a field like that Obama feeling
that's why it's such an offense it's
about anything Obama did or didn't do
its the feeling that I got it's it's
been offended right well that's what I
want that back always said about him
like forget about his policies like he
was a great statesman the way he would
talk yes that's the thing yes he was
reserved and he was articulate and
smooth and when you would hear I'm
talking like that's an excellent
representation of the United States yeah
right that's our that's our one of our
top dudes makes sense yeah right yeah
and and like even-keeled didn't get
exact certain bourgeois norms Yeah right
where's like the thing with Trump is
that he's you know like he said he's not
really a politician so he's just being
guy who's always been and everybody's
like I thought you were gonna be a
president though I thought you're gonna
act like we need cuz you want to be
called poet I thought people got him for
specifically the opposite of that
it's like and that shit's done now so
people still want that the west wing or
whatever the fuck like that's what it is
it's like you're west wing kind of
people because you want your form real
reform you should be kind of happy that
he exposed it what I think it exposes is
how not rigged it is because if someone
controlled it
no fucking way you really might roll
some of it you can yeah yes done yeah
the fucking of Bernie who's gonna win
the fuckin of Bernie though it's crazy
it's like you're watching Bernie's not
to be prised listen if you get bulldoze
like that you're not right I think he's
a really good man I think is why he's
unfit to be the president you can't this
is not a job for that well this is one
of the reasons why they're so scared at
Tulsi Gabbard because she doesn't lay
down like that you see yeah once she had
that moment with Camille Harris in the
debates oh yeah it was great by the way
it's fucking amazing
instead of saying wow this lady's
dynamic they're like oh shit we can't
really control her she's gonna attack
our lady
yeah that's after people she's saying
things that you know you really if you
you want your team to win you're not
gonna give up those cards so early um
but well they haven't there's an
internal thing you got to settle with
all the people that are let the actual
left that are like mad and they want
their Trump yeah right so they're not
gonna go along with the same cuz cuz I
think a lot of like just liberals don't
get that the lefties hate you more than
they hate uh not seen they hate you more
than any right winger
just a regular liberal that's who they
want to get them that's why they turn on
Ellen or whoever the fuck yeah cuz
they're waiting to have a reason to turn
on you right there's no one's gonna pass
the purity test no one they're just
looking for something and I think that
again it goes back to the thing like
that's not nice like if all your your
constant now is not the time to be nice
Joe now is the time for Rage yeah there
was someone that someone wrote
something about oh that guy from CNN
what's his name brian Stelter Stelter
that looks like divine out of drag
that's that guy he wrote something about
about the the like angry journalism
right yet what do you bro but it was
like widely criticized why well because
it was like basically he's admitting
that this is not you're not doing
journalism this is like editorial it's
an actual direct very yeah yeah it's
like you're that guy Joey for activism
more than you're calling for marketing
the news it's just and just believe that
you're correct so you're gonna like push
your idea I mean this is what we would
go to the news what I really want is
someone who's gonna tell us exactly what
happened without any political bend to
it that's what the way I still even
saying that I still expect I'm probably
gonna see a little bit of it people
figure II and there's probably gonna be
that and when I was a kid it was like
that but not near to now where it's
become like a Miss a caddy gossip mixed
with news yeah now it's fucked because
it's all - it's all because women shared
more online that's why they're targeting
the emotions of women that that's
specifically this is a design this is
what the same thing we're talking about
with the Elan Mustang like how could you
say that he didn't do that when he can
he can show you all these tweets like
how can you how can you accuse someone
just out to get him dude I mean right
like how was that where are we in the
news it's like if you some rapper
talking about how the cops won't leave
him alone like he's like a guy like the
cops are always gonna bother him on you
know like that he just got on the bad
side of it's an institution and all
these institutions if you talk about
they hate you like though they have it
in for you it's great think it like a
cop it's corrupt going but well the thin
blue line and block might but you're a
fucking dirty like yeah but we're that's
how they are with Elon Musk
so they were with a bunch of people
that's so crazy it's not like so much
about justice let's say as it is about
processing in the system and shit that's
what their that's their job okay and
that's what they that's what they
fucking did you find his quote a bunch
of people had made a meme out of it and
we were passing it around him
I forget the expression that he used but
I've read real really wish I could
remember because I looked at someone's
uh tweet about it or Instagram about it
and they were saying finally you know
you're admitting what what you really do
finally you're admitting that your rage
journalistic instincts are show oh yeah
rights rage journalism you know it's
been open for it they've been opening
like that for a while I feel like we
need somewhere that's gonna give us the
information just clear one hundred
percent dedicated to factual information
without any political Bend at all
no one's well the people somebody would
be like it's not possible so it might
not be my politic it's got to be
possible
used to be possible yeah it's got to be
possible to just just read the news
because if you if you look at it like
there's got to be some other does that
will start getting views and you know
what I mean if somebody who fills that
niche right it will be successful
because there's gonna be people who
should be able to report on maybe dumb
shit that Trump tweets and also report
at report on the the really important
things that are happening that are good
for they should just stop reporting on
Trump's tweets just try it just fucking
try it for a minute you're playing right
into his hand first
it's like anihilation look what each
side like he do and then while while
they do that he gets like a judge in or
something he does that all the time yeah
it's very savvy dude you're always very
savvy in a lot of ways it's like the the
fake not sophisticated language that he
uses it's almost like he uses that to
kind of throw you off the trail I'm like
Don King with the crazy hair he's got
his own crazy hair it's almost like in
some ways it throws something about
crazy hair that really uh it throws you
off the trail but it's you know there's
no there's no newspaper or no no thing
that I subscribe to or I don't get at
least some political bias one way or the
other you know what just clearly mark
the stuff that's editorial or like you
know this is not news just market is
that if the house I'm have news and then
out the news you save one for the part
that it goes yeah
just do their job you don't have to
fucking uh to the Daily Show
I blame a lot of this on The Daily Show
not because it was bad a whole bunch of
people that became news for them right
and so then all like all the other ones
like why don't we have it like Daily
Show but more news than comedy so true
people it's terrible it's terrible it's
such a good point that I never even saw
yeah I'm sure someone said it but it's a
it's a great point it's right that's
news for a lot of kids like college kids
they're barely paying attention that
flipping through Comedy Central and Jon
Stewart's in there telling them what's
going on in their hilarious way in a
hilarious Trevor Noah want like that's a
different generation cuz I would just be
like why is it highway like I know it I
met him before like I like him but I'm
just a fan like why you have some guy
that shows not American white like what
is with a guy with a foreign accent here
it's beautiful all these all these shows
that I like the admit it's always some
enough from here that's interesting like
John Oliver same things I know I even
like him he's they seem to have a
fucking what do you call it like a I
don't have that kind of feeling of like
I like I always have a level of that
like a good fuck you right like I can't
imagine going England's doing a
political show about their politics this
is kind of funny so it's just like a
thing that uh you could probably do it
like if you went to Ireland do some time
but Holland yeah he had a show in
Holland that wasn't even the Tom Rhodes
show here to play a character the
character not show host yeah well he
couldn't just be a talk shows no no
so instead of Tom Rhodes he'd be like um
Pete McGillicuddy like you had it but
then it's a talk show it was like the
people Gila Cudi show starring Tom
Rhodes or something like that not Pete
McGillicuddy was the name of it that's
right you know starring it wasn't like a
sitcom though right no but it was like a
talk show host where a talk show rather
where he would play a guy that was
demeaning Kevin masters I mean did that
what they did or they just
all at the Kevin Masters show and he
would say I'm Tom Rhodes I don't know is
it like a joke of late hell no get the
joke he could only pull off in Hall
[Laughter]
Kevin masters was a generic American and
the producers used to fill in until they
find an actual host Holland's a
fascinating place man
it's a fascinating place because it was
like when the first place where people
go to get high I haven't either but it's
also the place that produced some of the
best kick boxers ever why did I kind of
need a shitload of them came out of
Holland Van Hollen is like the
motherland for badass kick boxers like
when you hear about a kickboxer you hear
about from Holland it's like hearing
about a jiu-jitsu blackbelt is from
Brazil you like whoa like Holland yeah
why is it do their animals in Belgium
have a lot of like Van Damme II kind of
people too I'm sure they do
I don't know anything about Belgium but
I know corazon with stripes Roland right
with black and white checkered vans on
Holland has also really large people
like I think the average height for a
man is six feet tall is that right yeah
women are really big there too they have
a bunch of great heavyweight kick boxing
champions like Peter Aerts he came out
of Holland as a show man even esto host
Ernesto Hoost is like one of the most
brilliant beautiful technicians of all
time he came out of Holland is a
kickboxing that of like that in
jiu-jitsu at the - in MMA is that like
the things like you everybody basically
you just have to know yeah you have to
know wrestling - yeah yeah but wrestlers
have to know submissions as well and
everybody has to know stand up because
you're standing up yeah you got but it's
there's a few guys stand up when you say
stand up you mean striking I got my G
box I got a spot distort all areas so I
didn't even think about it that way I
have in my mind I have two different
types of stand-up that I don't even I
just say it
I got to work on your standup like
people
do say that like you got to work on your
stand-up and that funny holy shit
striking that's right that's what it
means but it basically means stuff that
you do on your feet it's been working a
lot on stand up
do you remember you ever seen like I
remember seeing it on like a Star Trek
episode or anything any kind of sci-fi
where they tried at the martial arts of
the future like this martial artist Paul
the culmination of all and they did it
on a Star Trek like this is their future
martial arts it's nothing like MMA I
don't remember it's like ridiculous it
was like a ridiculous high kicking like
well that's where Bruce Lee was
brilliant we kind of figured it out
Bruce Lee in a lot of his movies sort of
depicted mixed martial arts fights do
you think in your life that Bruce Lee
could beat Brad Pitt in real life though
he would have fought anybody man not
like that that's that was if you get
back to that story about Quentin
Tarantino's depiction of him I don't
think he would have done that I think he
would have behaved like that he wasn't a
buffoon you know he was a he was a tough
guy I'm sure he was very confident but
when you read the things that he wrote
and when you see the interviews that he
gave where he talks about things he was
a very deep thinker he wasn't he wasn't
a buffoon he would talk about things in
a very profound way so just the way I
didn't like how they portrayed Charles
Manson either in that movie it's Tom
O'Neill's
chaos Charles Manson the CIA in the
secret history of the 60s if you just
listen to the audio version of anything
gave me this but the fucking podcast I
did with him Ballu my mind
oh yeah things are crazy but this one
this one's even more crazy because it's
all about the psychiatrists that were
experimenting on hippies with acid isn't
that why the Unabomber fucking yes
because they did a hippie experiment on
him when he was like a teenager it was
part of the Harvard LSD raise yeah yeah
that's fucking crazy
dude they did it to a lot of people
that's what this this book ultimately
turned out to be about Tom O'Neill wrote
this over 20 years took 20 years for him
to put all this together he started as a
small story like I think was like a
5,000 word story for vana
fair or no premier premier magazine that
magazine eventually went under and then
he got a book deal and he missed a
deadline because he kept diving deeper
and deeper into MKULTRA and CIA yeah
dude it oh it's crazy
did uh this book is a mind-blower cuz
it's all factual he's got sixty pages of
references and citations at the back of
it I will totally listen to this book
since I can't get it yeah
did um they sold out I didn't prepare
you have you ever read is the manifesto
of the Unabomber man no I didn't I
didn't it's crazy how how almost
reasonable assess like technology is
going to be a problem it's very weird
just like I don't see the connection of
we blew these people up for the Hewlett
point you all agree with it but it
almost there so rational it sounds like
he came from the future and he had to
make those bombs I bet that's what he
thought I mean it that it it reads like
that it's wild dude there's a guy named
jolly West that's a part of these
MKULTRA experiments and he's connected
to the Manson Family and all these other
different people but that was a lie the
Manson Family because Charles Manson was
a guy that for sure they gave me acid
they gave massive in prison at least the
way they're describing the possibility
he was even talking about certain
doctors and he has the the last name the
doctors the last name of the doctors a
part of this program and doctors had
treated him I was in prison and he comes
out of prison and there's evidence that
he gets released over and over and over
again every time he violates parole
someone on high wants him out on the
street and he's got a large supply of
acid and he's got very sophisticated
techniques that he's utilizing that he
learned in jail sophisticated like nique
somehow to brainwash hippies on acid get
him to fuck each other by the way get
Hughes orgies purchased up a very
manipulative criminal yeah it's not you
can figure out how to manipulate him you
certainly don't need Rainey for that but
we're talking about within two years
he's got a murdering people
I think the pimp lessons he learned help
them do that you know it's that their
disassociation with reality through LSD
through through constant trips daily
trips I think you almost had to I think
like for brainwashing I'm just saying I
don't I'm sure you did that yeah I don't
know that he did it for the CIA like I
could easily see him
for his own reasons brainwashing people
that let me clarify when I say he was a
part of a CIA experiment I don't mean he
did what he did for the CIA what I meant
they let him do what he was doing and
they that's very belief gave him drugs
that's like this story yes that's very
believed if if you're letting this guy
keep getting released every time he
Rob's a car or someone's house or when
you know you you think he's gonna
somehow or another be locked up and you
want him out on the street doing this
thing and they were trying to discredit
the hippie movement and the anti-war
movement back right and that's part of
the way they did it they infiltrated
these groups in one way or another and
one of them would be to take a guy like
no yeah I like them it's like oh the old
Mariel boatlift when they dropped a cuba
MP their prisons into America yeah thank
you
yeah that's a guts uh yeah well that
that's a pretty well-known thing to
think about the drugs like well it's
just you know yeah it's a pretty well no
doubt the weak elements of society and
we'll get a lot of information
well it's also they didn't exactly know
what would happen when you dose people
up with acid back then there was a sign
of experiments got a lot of great info
from that Nazi guy and it's not so easy
to get those I'm sure this part of those
programs too right I mean when they shot
doin that that Japanese guy who's like
worse than fucking Mengele came and what
it's called though it's so crazy the
shit this guy did to people and uh he
got a they wanted to know what he
learned from his human medical
experiments oh so he they let him off
Jesus cry wish I remember the name of it
the Japanese uh it's but it's so cos
mostly done to Chinese you know
prisoners but like you know cold and
pressure and all like it's fucking
grisly dude yeah and it's just he did so
many aim were like experiment he there's
knowledge that helps you make anything
they got
same reason we go put that great gold in
the record in space okay
the people had useful knowledge yes that
crazy so educate yourself if that's that
like look it's more important that you
tell us how many pounds of pressure it
takes to crush a little kid's head yeah
we did not know that official
officially tell us what you got is
Christ it just let him go
imagine being that guy who killed like
hundreds of people and they just let you
go
most imagine you like eating ice cream
at a diner just fucking sitting by
yourself I doubt you have the union of
offie nice cream nobody even knows your
ex ank you I'd like one more please
didn't they have that of Harry Shearer
easy that's the Gustav guy Jesus Christ
he led in development and application of
biological weapons at you didn't 731 and
how do you say that word meant you go
Manchu qo Manchu qo I say that Manchu Co
but in Chico do you and the Oh together
how do you say that probably basic -
cool man Chico um anyway how are we
saying during the second sino-japanese
war from 1937 to 1945 including the
bubonic plague attacks Oh in a tiny
cities oh my god and the planned attack
against the United States
you know blossoms holy fuck man oh isn't
that the one where they would send the
balloons across the country yeah it
didn't yeah it didn't work these bats
are something to do with though the
operation cherry blossoms at night
imagine this is my plan operation cherry
blossoms at night biowarfare
they're gonna drop the flying plague
cholera smallpox Oh oh my god so they
were gonna do that to America in
balloons is that what they're gonna do
date I think the thing I just come at us
and the through our most vulnerable way
our love of balloons 99 red balloons go
by that was about in a Shiro Ishii
nighty-night loose balloons
[Music]
that was a big song when I was in high
school yeah the girl was cute yeah okay
the these killed six American civilians
near Bly Oregon I thought they dashed
into a farm in Medford Oregon and caused
a short circuit on the power supply
power lines supplying electricity for
the nuclear reactor cooling pumps in the
Manhattan projects production facility
holy shit dude did you know that
what were they dropping on him I had
balloons with bombs attached to him but
was it supposed to be with plague or
something well I don't know Jamie said
that was part of it but what I did here
on there was an episode they did about
this on one of my favorite podcast which
is radio lab radio lab did a whole
series or a whole episode rather about
these balloons that people would find
these non detonated balloons and I think
people accidentally blew themselves up a
couple of times
Wow yeah I think people found them and
then they've they've found out after the
war about the project but I think a
bunch of them made it here and some of
them went off and some of them didn't go
off it's contaminated fleas fleas oh my
god that's so dark Jesus Christ I'm so
glad we're friends with Japan now in
China all the all the bad guys in like
y'all watch like the local TV so
everything is about a mean Japanese
general and like a brave Chinese
somebody is really yeah that's like how
like Nazis and Gloria's bad like yeah
Nazis are a pop culture you go to likely
you're always used as a villain like
that Japan is that to China well you and
I had this conversation about you don't
have to say a person's name but
someone's saying why isn't it okay to
punch Nazis like oh yeah right right had
that same conversation with people it's
totally you and I both like yeah by all
means punch a Nazi but I want to just
see your Nazi detector you're using when
your Nazi dowsing to find these Nazis
I'd like I can't just go off your word
like no I'll handle it I've read someone
calling ben shapiro a nazi i know
there's a guy i think maybe you were
gonna have mom but i like him he's a guy
that reviews comic books that he fucking
got it's crazy what they did to him
oh I've ever heard the story a great
story what is it called something comics
what is it it's called it's called um I
don't know his name is your boy Zach I
forget what is Comics matters where your
boy zach is another chance and so what
happened with him what was the story
they made him into like some kind of
dudes crazy man it was some kind of Nazi
I mean he's the most reasonable the
reviews are so utterly reasonable okay
where and by the way guy gives credit to
people when they're things they're good
like there's nothing if you actually
looked away so there's nothing there at
all but because he mocks like the dumb
shit they deal in comics now they made
him they're like he's a white
nationalist well they're doing he has a
lawsuit because they did that them
injecting social justice warrior credos
in the comic books now right well
there's a little power if there's a
little fiefdom of like Portland weirdos
that I guess run comics now I didn't
know this fiefdom of Portland weirdos is
the bestest I blame The Daily Show
I blame Portlandia for the other half of
faggots just so you know before you guys
fucking unleash Cthulhu out of me oh
we're gonna have some laughs and fuckin
do that so true they are the that is the
liberal epicenter that's Mecca like The
Comedy stores Mecca for comics that's
Mecca for social justice war it's like
in a really annoying look I didn't know
I did a show commies show it's Stonewall
one time you know you know it's don't
want like the historic like with the
gays for the cops and where's that
where's that in New York okay and I
thought it'd be a good show cuz you you
know this back in the days of you know
where Joan Rivers was like a gay like
you know like right so I assumed it'd be
a great crowd it was awful really oh
yeah and the guy who was coming my hair
he's like no dude that you don't go you
know that's not were like cool gays are
fuckin Stonewall that's like a some
dipshit
living out their worst fantasy of being
gate like so I didn't realize it was
like it's like going to Haight Street in
San Francisco today yeah you're like
circle it's not 67 fuckface yes so I
think there's a lot of that set
right they try to bring it back yeah oh
yeah anytime there's a place where
hippies it's like that's a fire I'm
missing out hippies hippies we're a lot
more fun right but they they burn out it
burns it's like there's no fuel there it
eventually it goes way they design a
newish thing to me of that is the the
Twitter like certain groups just got
marketed to based on lazy uh right
following like Oh what is Twitter say
like that should never be an article
anymore like Twitter is saying that
should never be a thing I need to know
about ever well that's what we're yeah
so so back I cater to so much it created
these bubble around people that's
fucking crazy and they and they're
getting fed it still just to sell them
products and you know this this vibes
are gonna fuckin pop that bubble that's
it's like bad real estate right now
being a fucking being woke there's a
real estate market that has is gonna
being upset about stupid shit when real
shits going down values way down yeah
it's out of fashion well that's where it
came from in the first place came from
not enough for real problems yeah yeah
that's right people I get we know same
thing like I never could get emotional
about who's president doesn't a doomsday
called dude like where I thought like I
took I was gonna kill all of you by now
was how was what how I absolutely
thought yeah any minute now this is
gonna so that you know so people think
that's the end of the world like they
say that but have you ever seen
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt yeah that's a
funny show do you really oh oh yeah the
first episode of that I mean I didn't
live underground with Jon Hamm
get crank but but certainly that mindset
yeah it's a funny fucking show it's just
communal reinforcement keeps you and
thing and also the people around me were
nice like I I'm not bitter about it it's
just like I can't ever be
oh don't stumble your brother like I'm
not sorry I kind of courage or anything
like I'm compulsive well for a guy like
you it's always important for a guy like
you to talk about it
especially a guy like you who's all the
way out and is now comic because
people need to understand that it's a
trap that you can get sucked into it's
like a pattern of behavior and thinking
and you get like this confirmation from
all the people that you're around the
same thing we all could get sucked in I
think I'm only less susceptible to that
now just because of growing up in that
mm-hmm so so because it's such an
obsessive thing to me I'll see it I'm
more likely to see it where it's not
then not see it but some people are not
they're not gonna understand that they
do if you don't open religion you if you
didn't grow up in a religion where you
had to do it right you have no idea you
don't understand religious people and a
shock Smith the level that people don't
understand it's almost like we need
another word because you know what
you're saying that like social justice
warrior behavior in a lot of ways it
gets very religious yeah it is like and
it gets religious also for Republican
conservative type of behavior that gets
very religious - like I can tell you a
religion when it becomes called woke
anything that you voted - right where
that you said it that team thing like
well we gotta stay on the team have you
ever had a conversation like here's an
example with right-wing person who
doesn't believe in climate change oh
yeah you still always argue with Nick
Nick DiPaolo
yeah when we're doing a know know about
that but Apollo is always like we'd be
on that lucky Inara was the Hulu thing
that Louie had Jesus I'm so fuckin on
Louie the Horsham Pete oh so Nick like
he's the he's awesome to hang out with
waiting to shoot something it was like
it was he was awesome but arguing about
political shit he gets like he gets
heated he's like what do you love Obama
like a really goes to that but uh yeah
but you know I like him I like I think I
wouldn't want him not to say what he
thinks
what'd he say I don't know something
about Obama I don't know some stupid
Guinea sure you should be able to say
whatever you want to say and I have no
issues engaging people like that I'm
used to knocking on stranger's door so
nobody wanted to talk about their thing
threatens me and anyway
like proselytizing does not bother me
you know uh it will bother me like
you're if you're not I'm not allowed to
hear it because I don't need someone to
tell me what I can do you think there's
less examples of that on the right than
there are on the left of people like
within sort of in compulsive speech like
this compulsive I think that I think
that the people that are on there the
people that whoever needs to worry about
or all the people that are too far to
one of the other right I agree and and
you know there's every degree every
goddamn thing it it's now there can't
just be two parties which is the good
one and then the immoral evil ones yeah
that's crazy that there's by the way 68
fuckin genders and only two sides of
politics that's fuckin incredible it's
so true it's so true yeah so that's what
happened that guy's uh your boy Zach he
got fuckin you're with us or you're not
yeah that's the problem they want
compliance it's a game it's not just
people that have an ideology and some
people agree with it and some people
don't
it's a game of compliance did you see
the new mute what did you see the New
Mutants thing mutants the new mutants
the comma Marvel know what Marvel's
reboot of the New Mutants okay
right but what is the New Mutants it's
not it's it's what is it called a TV
show not the new I'm sorry not the New
Mutants the New Warriors have you seen
the most the most woke no what is it
it's gonna look like you're nothing it's
a joke really yeah so this is a kind of
thing he would be laughing at okay and
people cuz I haven't read comics for
like so I was a kid yeah movies but they
should it should be easier than ever to
give kids the comics okay what is this
okay we have talked about this snowflake
can save space yeah so this is really
some kind of trolling but basically
they've been doing this in comics for
the last you know it's like a nerdy he's
happy comics in like star wars and all
that shit was like nerdy guys that don't
get laid stuff at one point and then it
became kind of cool to be a nerd and
then it became a hot property and soon
ain't got claimed by
like the Toyland the Cthulhu Portland
thing that's what the what comes of it
this on ironically look how an
ironically they swapped the gender
colors what people are mad and pink yeah
people that are fucking I don't even
know whose jurisdiction this is but
people were mad at this the people that
are trying to pander to were like I
don't dress like this you better not
it's ridiculous if you dress like that
even people that don't want to make fun
of you will start making fun of you well
it just looks like I would give up I'm
like I can't mock you better than you're
doing yourself like what okay
I mean if I was gonna if I was like hey
why don't you make fun of the create the
stupidest will comic you could think of
that would be my characters throw her
balls is bigger than his balls too if
you noticed that well how do you know
that's the woman well I'm assuming the
blue with the hips like a woman is the
woman and the one that's built like a
man I'm assuming that's a man it's a
trick question piece of shit you fucking
pig
you cisgendered ass fuck yeah well oh
wait then here's well be negative isn't
as funniest
oh wait where's the girl at the back
back that's the other one oh holy Shane
time because he was exposed to his
grandfather's Internet gasps his
grandfather's experimental it's over it
was the she's fucking hot that's the old
that's the old the good days shit
where's the girl with the backpack what
do you think her power is her powers
eating cake no what it's a magical
backpack that has unlimited snacks no
I'm making that up she just has a magic
backpack oh my god a pocket dimension
with seemingly infinite space which she
could pull out useful or random objects
okay so look at the joy so it's not
always under her control though she
claims to get her power from God but not
the God you're thinking of Jesus Christ
I can't do this but look at the joints
let me see the dry look her in the eyes
while she looks strong like she carry a
lot of stuff on her back
what
magical too much you can't be a
superhero ye too much it's like you know
how do I like how Wendy from Wendy's got
real big when they showed her again this
is like what happened to Dora the
Explorer she oh she got a whole turn
I gave one up they want something that's
a true that's that's that like that
that's a luxury that's like when you
have the luxury of being like like
Gillette like are you good enough to get
Gillette as opposed to being like please
buy our thing we're we're a fucking
razor company that's what this is fuck
you to the people that are into that
shit which you can only do in a good
economy like now people better love you
shit you don't get to just troll them
right good porno right it's gonna be
harder to sell things
well show me and make me laugh alike I
will give it to that guy who made that
up right well that that's where the
benefit of bad things actually comes in
sometimes like some of the best things
are bad things that are good by accident
right like the rule movie movie yeah we
I used to introduce that movie in New
York for uh I did it for a promo thing
for Comedy Central first but then I had
never seen the movie so I kept going
back and like hosting it and then we
made a fake sequel to it this guy George
glass and he he knew Tommy so Tommy
would leave these long messages it's
fuckin yesterday that's how long ago
this was and uh the guy who played uh oh
hi mark Greg his name is he wrote that
book that they made the movie that guy's
cool shit oh the guy who plays mark yeah
and uh but the other guy the one who got
a blowjob and he had like who's shiver
me timbers or something mm-hmm cuz he
left his under I left me underwears in
your remember that guy and gets a
blowjob and on what's-his-name squeeze
o's couch god I don't remember that yeah
I remember every character I saw a bunch
of times
I don't think I've ever seen it all the
way through dude and then Christine seen
I've never gone now I never went to uh
it has like it well at the time I don't
know if it does now but a head like that
Rocky Horror Picture Show
yeah thing which I never did that so at
movie theaters people go and this movie
group watching it you it feels like
right to yell at it I swear to God like
I mean I thought it was like a I'm like
I'm not gonna get immediately I was like
oh this I really understand this and
people yell sometimes of a band playing
and like yeah it was great this was the
Rocky Horror Picture Show they do that
because they actually like it yeah this
is a different vibe yeah it's very hard
I mean he's genuinely a fucking maniac
and hard to deal with
I had to have stood I know my girlfriend
and another friend dressed kind of like
slutty and distract him so he wouldn't
see the parity thing we made before we
showed it I mean the move look at the
reviews yeah but that did nobody listen
to make a thing that's watch ibly bad is
like that's a beautiful thing that can
only it is rarely happen yeah it's it's
interesting like the room is so
unfeasibly bad it has become a cult hit
trust me this is the worst movie you
will ever see ever in your internal life
ever but it's it's like but it's amazing
because when they say worst they have to
be I mean we watchable where it's not
boring that's the thing right it's just
not more amazing so I think that's like
a real lightning in a bottle
it's the worst movie because they're
trying to make a good movie it's not the
worst movie to watch I think it's the
best to go to a thing on theater of
people it's like the best people
shouting at the screen because you have
cancer cancer it's it's such a crazy
movie when did you see it did you only
see I've only seen it on like I guess it
was DVD at the time mmm or what and I
only watch like part of it and then I
had shut it off my I can't do this did
you ever see the member that I remember
those billboards Jamie when I when I
lived here
early in the Hollywood days when right
after they made this movie I would drive
around see that billboard it was up
there forever forever
he had the room the movie like ah the
room movie calm he drive by it like what
year was that I'm friend remember I I
might have made it up because I'm like
I've seen this like I've seen it in
person I don't know what he might have
had up he might have had it up still he
was
he had a billboard up forever you know
here was the movie made that doesn't
three it said what yeah how's that
possible well I missed it I I would have
thought it was way earlier than that
video most multiple billboards just one
what was coming soon how old is he
nobody knows you know I never saw the
top one coming soon like how old is he I
don't know he's looks like an older
fella
but there's a couple movies like that
like showgirls is a movie like that or
so I don't remember it I just saved me
remember that's a it's a good one at the
end of elizabeth berkley after that it's
hard to bounce back from but because the
movie is so bad or because it was uh you
know who knows man
she went from Saved by the Bell to being
a dirty girl
so did screech they brought back Saved
by the Bell
yeah it's later okay yes Wow looking
good freak I just made it Mario Lopez
looking good everybody's looking good so
what are they coming back as the other
parents yeah there's a bunch of jokes
referring to it and there's much new
jokes about like iPads and screech was
out there doing the book behind the Bell
or something that Mike that screech was
doing stand-up
there was Skippy from Family Ties
remember when he was doing stand-up
yes lived with him Judah Friedlander was
his roommate oh that's right yeah he
said we're just like be in his room he's
like he would smoke pot all day and then
he would come out and be like did you
eat my it was like a just I'm gonna have
a sandwich and I'm not gonna touch it
for a while but I want that see so and
he would always got freaked out about
missing a call to something what
happened to him does he still do
stand-up now or no I don't know no I'm
CeCe I used to I was this thing is that
what it said Hugo yeah like he's dirty
now let's give you with notes get it I
don't know he would always be there like
I never met him I don't think maybe I
made him one time but he would always be
on the wall I coming next week
escape you from family times remember
that was the first guy that I worked in
a club where he worked and I was like oh
yeah that guy from TV
it's coming next week yeah the oh I met
a TV you're the first guy I remember I
saw from TV and comedy where I like some
of the club was a legendary wid remember
that guy yeah we saw him walking down
the street there's me and uh big J we do
in the lab what was his schtick uh he's
prop guy that's from eighties that used
to be on making me laugh all the time
people don't know that before Carrot Top
prop guy was a genre yeah prop guy Nick
I don't like when they get political
problem remember that Bob Dylan scene
one of the old bottle one guys the lady
placards Bob Dylan have the placards he
had it it's like a couple different Pete
yeah they done that more than once right
the people hold up signs in chocen yeah
it's a it was real whatever I didn't
find it to be shit but I know it's a
legendary thing of throwing your
placards yeah Jesus Christ yeah Bob
Dylan oh yeah oh I'm thinking of you too
didn't bono do this after he might die
too maybe in tribute I'm thinking of the
you two things I'm pretty sure INXS did
it I've never seen Bob I had no idea Bob
Dylan yes
he was the first I only saw the remake
he would do it to his the lyrics to his
song what it was cue cards everywhere
subterranean homesick blues and so he
would that's actually him singing the
words so he's doing a music video but
refusing the saying they just holding up
these pieces of paper that have all the
different lyrics on them yeah I never
saw this version yeah it's the music who
did the thing that I'm thinking of the
reader we may access did it was it yeah
I think it was in excess in excess who's
the what the lead singers one of those
dudes that choked to death
jerking off yeah wasn't a lot no no I'm
asking is it
but who knows what's your dad can't ask
you why should somebody told me like a
lot cuz live musicians are her ex heroin
addict so the only thing that's close to
the endorphins of that is a good choke
choke slash jerking off yeah joke jerk
so they do that with some verses that's
up Jamie that wasn't it ten different
videos here that did it oh these are all
different people that did it in
different different songs okay go up to
the NSX one well I've never seen you
thinking of the top one yes this was
pretty famous Mediate yeah it's right
I'm thinking it wow I had did I shed no
idea Bob first only no the existing oh
yeah bob Delmas original do you think
that this guy was he a heroin guy is
that why he was uh I beg you it's like
you've burned out your pleasure centers
of your brain so you need some incense
like an explosion of sensation from a
choke jerk I never thought of it until
you brought it up but it totally makes
sense right if you plug in big J nobody
shoot up anymore and you wanted to get
that rush he wanted to make this as an
invention like a shark tag invention
which he means dead series of invention
it makes me laugh so it's a belt with
like us it lets go like it's got a
sensor for G in case you got a jerk off
do you dad it has like a sensor to just
release you when you but if he lets you
go in your unconscious you might bang
your head off the floor and died anyway
okay it almost makes you want to try it
that's such an embarrassing way to die
though I know it's - there's a preacher
that died he had a wet suit on he died
doing that oh yeah get a giant dildo
it's the wet sense for the wet suit the
Builder is like no I'm just jerk I'm
just guessing it was like a compression
hold on that but to plug the dildo so
here this dildo up his ass and then
wheezes sucks it all in place so it
can't go anywhere so it's a sketch
I mean is it that hard to lose a dildo
in your ass you know wetsuit your ass
would want to shit it out immediately
and I think he's probably and then the
tension formed by that probably been to
other rodeos and so he's realized what
gets him through I didn't think you just
started at wetsuit level first time in
the wetsuit and then noose Wow and he's
a preacher like that's a lot no it's a
lot happening you know what I believe it
more than ever
yeah God took called to him said listen
I'm gonna bring you to me but you got to
do it in a humiliating way imagine of
God look I didn't God try to get people
to kill their sons oh you're talking
about him was the story I hear him and
Isaac yeah it's to see if you would if
you do it your son it's not yeah it's a
creepy game God was playing didn't
actually go through with it as a creepy
game it yeah well you know you're not up
fucking right they've got a broad like a
cave Jew from the phages imagine that
same God today but he's only around
occasionally and it comes down the
fucked up thing is the view of your son
as property see this is the old world
it's like like God will give you ten
more sons that's in like job that's back
when you owned your right your family
and by the way if you didn't know if
somebody would kill them or do so much
us how what yeah I don't judge none of
their shit but here's the here's the
reverse of that I'm not taking any
judgment like what if Moses saw you're
doing that like I know it's all right
he's on his fucking business but imagine
if God was real but God only came down
occasionally and tried to get people to
do fucked up things like killed her son
imagine if one time he was like a
steve-o and his early thanks tur he's
like he was like an impractical joker
well he's like Banksy nobody knows what
he looks like but everybody sure he
exists so he comes down occasionally
he's not into giving a large scale
advice but occasionally he goes down
talks his preacher and says I want you
to I want to thank you for believing in
me I know you're a true believer and I'm
gonna bring you to heaven
but you know you sounds like you have
too much ego you hold on to too much ego
and I want to humiliate you and death
this sounds like the original script of
Prometheus but this is what he was
originally telling prometheus is a weird
one right I gotta like it it's like very
stupid but I like it I really like it as
much as I like the next one the next
alien movie was really good covenant I
like that one too I love that one I know
people didn't like it that was a good
one it's also features justice Millette
before the allegations it does yes he's
in it he is witness he's one of the
dudes in the ship is he a guy who
fucking he's one did he go to the coffin
say a white alien popped out his back it
popped out of my back and it said this
is our Nagashima system yeah he was one
of the dudes piloting the ship with uh
what the fuck's his name Kenny oh right
yeah the comic the hilarious yeah yeah
from from the foot fist way yeah he's on
it too
he's hilarious in it yeah I like yes
there's Jesse Smollett
I know Wow it's a fun fucking movie Hey
look he got jacked BAM
what is that cinema org is that in the
movie is that the scene in the movie
where no my god how did the audition for
that part that go right through is the
back of his head yes now I want you to
imagine a cock coming out the other end
of your box like I don't have to my
favorite part in that movie is when the
one lady locks the lady and the infected
guy inside that room after the thing
burrows yeah oh yeah that was cool dude
that was a heavy fucking scene man that
was a heavy YUM that was a really good
scary horror movie scene yeah that was
genuinely a fucking good uh in that
alien that they made at the end that one
that you're shown a picture of Jamie
that thing that was more in the
beginning that guy no no he was uh
towards the end I think he was the
nation alien well ok see the dark one I
thought that oh oh that's the one that
came out like later that stowed away
yeah that bit the girl's shoulder off
remember oh yeah
remember that I thought this one was
like it can't like it would eat I wanted
to like eat them yeah it was trying to
eat them yeah that's what it looked like
look at that's what it looks like when
it came to I'm sorry I know I'm talking
about covenant the remember when they
were downstairs in the other David's
those black alien was it I thought it
was white no that's that's what comes
out of your back but I thought there was
a white one in that movie that it might
have been one coming in at the end it's
kind of it looked like that it's lighter
skinned yeah remember I'm not making
anything up there was a scene towards
the end where they realized that this
artificial intelligence guy had started
breeding these aliens together and
combining their DNA with people with
other things and it came it came in and
Jeff put his all it put its arms up the
alien like he did like a hand wave and
it went like that came in the Joey has
hand witness speaks waving it was uh it
came running out and a bitter on the
shoulder looking that this alien looks
like Joey Diaz his balls I don't think
it's some it's when here's downstairs in
that well it sounds like a pink one it
was a weird colors like a whitish color
and it was down when he was in the the
dwelling where that guy would draw and
do all scientific oh no no a face hugger
got him but there was another one there
was a full-grown alien down there kind
of anybody who's like a real alien fans
probably so mad at us right now yeah
this is it can feel this is it oh oh we
get someone shot it's kind of a white
things called neo more if I guess it
yeah so killed it he's all mad hey what
is this music that goes with it okay
yeah that's it
so this is a scene but he's to see where
it gets a girl I think I'm pretty sure I
think it was yeah see so it's kind of a
pale looking thing is that you lack of
entertainment in the last 15 minutes
late I forgot what it was I know it's
romantic with this song well that was
cool part of the movie that he had been
there for so long he'd been
experimenting with these aliens and
making different kite yeah
and it was also interesting to like the
the difference between the the new
version where they'd cut out creativity
in the old version or he was wait they
cut out creativity in the artificial
intelligence guys you know there's
always yeah right right right those I
got yeah there's always a robot trying
to kiss himself or something I love you
that's what it looked like Jamie that's
that's exactly what it looked like that
right there you just had it bang so
that's what it looked like and then it
came out its whole mouth opens up and a
bitter shoulder is like took out giant
chunk out of her if I remember correctly
I mean I was very scared what is all
that different lighting over it do you
thought I don't know it's good question
those are my some of my favorite movies
because I like it I just wished they he
showed the fucking engineer I don't like
they space it out another you know extra
movie and he is really something about
somebody with like a a space judy so I
like that haircut they fucking fights
aliens it's up to this last space judy
to fucking is that what it was and that
music are we fucked now do we play in
the sound oh good it's uh I mean those
the series of movies there's some of the
best horror and science fiction movies
of all time you got to go back to the
original one that original alien holds
up yes great holds up that's a 1979
movie about aliens and space and it
fucking holds up your own I mean it's
still the the the technology looks goofy
it's going off and all their computers
and a fucking older nothing looks worse
than like a 90s tech movie like hackers
or something oh is this a pentium is the
future yeah but what were they right
about Back to the Future there
right about a lot of shit right wasn't
Trump president and impact the future
tizzy am I wrong imagine I think he's
present on The Simpsons The Simpsons
predicted it yes there's a great video
about how accurate the Simpsons were
about so many different things yeah and
that Matt Groening must be some sort of
a time traveler I don't I think he just
like through said whatever the most
hilarious thing he could think of was 13
Simpsons predictions that could not come
true but still could all right oh that
have not come true it's still good
you're fond of 2028 in vodka 2028
there's probably a hundred percent gonna
happen they would if it was said Melania
that I would go oh you think people step
up Melania and Michelle Obama hang out
here the hottest for his lady we've ever
heard she's for sure the hottest any
argument will start a fight right
there's no it who's a close second to
Melania Trump I mean it's not even fair
it's not fair
ya know it's not fair but Melania and
Michelle Obama together Michele probably
was the most the unite the parties wait
oh yeah Laura Bush was it was a series
not bad was that bad pretty lady Hillary
Clinton when she was younger
fucking Barbara Bush was like it was
like a legendary joke how unfuckable the
first was the entire 90s there was like
some work I would punch Barbara Bush in
the face Oh naked gun yeah there were so
many Joe's you'd be falling down the
stairs people loved it too so many jokes
about Barbara Bush dude she was lit like
she was legendarily ugly I understood
she was the first lady and also she was
one of the ugliest face it just came
through over and over again on the media
so this all the first lady's all when
it's just a picture of do they mocked
her on every format of whatever they did
she was declared ugly they did it was
like Oh Jackie O though is one of the
first ones we could see abortion a thing
oh really
yeah member there was pictures and
Jackie and a bunch of money off that's a
very flame got rich yeah like he came
out like fucking
really why do I forget that I spent a
bunch of money on that house that he was
gonna make to get kicked out of in Ohio
really yeah they just gonna try to make
they thought it was in be like a playboy
hustler mansion play with me oh my god
well he did open up some casinos did um
Nancy Reagan used to get Ronald Reagan
listen to astrology
yeah right she like had like a White
House astrologer they would run all the
decisions by these would believe in
astrology mmm do you do astrology every
day oh I don't fact I'm doing it right
now I'm a Gemini were skeptics Oh first
lady's never married two presidents
never met other women oh the side pieces
wait am i but they were still considered
the first lady no no no the ones who
were this is just a trick yeah it's a
true national first lady's library turn
that over you son of a bitch what we are
the society that's beside peace Society
it's like the sons and daughters of the
round the daughters of the revolution I
can't wait for a woman to become
president just so we could see what we
call the guy is that not settled unless
she's a lesbian which would be even
better I hope that we finally don't have
to address the prophecy to run the
country whether you love pussy and you
have one or you love that's how I would
run if I was lesbian like hey we all
know it's important you'll have to be
willing to eat pussy we all love pussy
oh wait is this what am I looking for
well weed the weed I thought I thought
he was blessing it on the screen the
elation for your coronavirus test and
then the weed together just tell you
something hunch an AIDS test was not as
stressful really yeah I didn't feel as
it's um it it's probably it's just
because there's a long car ride so I'm
just like oh shit what's probably the
most stress inducing thing any of us
have had to go through except for the
people that have been to war or first
responders or people that have exploded
strangely call me because it
so beyond my control of a so beyond yeah
I got a you had Barry Crimmins on here
what time didn't shower yeah so we were
on tour together we almost died in this
car accident really yeah the call we're
in it was black ice and who was driving
dude I won't say name but anyway fucking
so he's driving I'm in the passenger
seat
Barry's behind the driver and we were
going about 65 on the highway which
wouldn't be too bad except it's black
ice because it's winter he's trying to
pass this tractor-trailer so as we're
going the College starts wobbling and uh
oh my god so I remember I said what the
fuck three times is how much time there
was I didn't like dock or anything cuz I
saw the trailer we we just started
myself start going in under the fucking
oh my god so he's right
I just went going well I guess I'm dead
like and then at the very last second
it's spun like because it was wobbling
and then the back were no sitting that
got grabbed and the HMDA blew in and
then we spun into the middle of the
highway
it was crazy too but afterwards I I'm on
that me and bury me I felt like hi I
remember you telling me a story
the driver was weeping I felt hi any
reason was it was it was so out of my
control I mean it was so like cuz I was
definitely sure my I was gonna come off
guys like that and it felt so out of my
hands I was like oh like it it felt like
I was gonna die all kinds of times but
it usually it was like you know I mixed
some kind of drugs or I did something
where you know it made sense
so some I think I was trained of formal
you know into the world kind of feelings
since birth for being that boy and I
think I just have them where it relaxes
me more than what would they tell you
the end of the world you know whatever
the everybody says like what do you mean
like like when you say it was a end of
the world cult like what it would what
did they do they call it yeah that God's
revelations gonna happen and Armageddon
God's gonna destroy the wicked system of
things it doesn't appeal to it for sure
are then set up a
we'll survive of course well job is
witnesses people that some people live
on earth in a Garden of Eden restorative
paradise have you ever seen the
literature they show that I believe it's
paintings of Hawaii no you ever got
Hawaii it's beautiful looks like
gorgeous that's where their heaven is
maybe that's them that's what the guy
painting it in the things I saw when I
find went to Hawaii I was like oh this
is the parents what I thought of
paradise my entire life of you know the
Garden of Eden and who does Hawaii looks
like that
imagine if Hawaii was all that was left
there's a massive volcano there's enough
people but imagine if that's it well
there'd be a lot of myth I'll tell you
that how many people like what ye is
supposedly I think the fought in the
world that's the furthest away from
other spots like it is completely
isolated in the middle it's a Hawaii
it's like the Earth's vagina
I think lush it's gorgeous right it's
amazing but I think it's also five hours
by plane to anywhere I think the closest
you can get is like Guam or places like
that but it's really
I said shock to me I got there at night
when I went to Kauai I didn't I I heard
is like the good one to go to was
awesome so never been but it was pitch
gorgeous when I got there at night and
then I woke up and it looked like
fucking Jurassic Park Maryland it was
crazy
that's where they filmed Jurassic it
sound like a cliff and there there's
like it was like every kind of biome in
one spot it's magic at least from the
photos well five days five days perfect
yeah I could like go crazy after that
dude it would become a beautiful hell
that that you your only joy in life
besides methamphetamine would be showing
new people that come the island the
movie weren't they on Hawaii and the
show lost they're desperately trying to
get out on an island like Hawaii but
they film that I thought in Hawaii oh
yeah for sure they did right yeah and
you're ready to go after unless like you
it was like a place you go after you die
it felt like well some people go to like
Maui and they they live there I've seen
Dog the Bounty Hunter I know
oh I know Steven Tyler lives there a
bunch of who appears browsing lived up
the block from where I stayed
did he really yeah I think it's the
climate kind of destroys property so
it's ffensive upkeep of like owning a
home there dude I was just reading about
Malibu how much Beach
Malibu's losing when they're trying to
do all these different things to try to
save the beach like a comb-over from
another be like as they don't
acknowledge there's a problem they're
really gonna say I do with my hair from
it they were literally calling it a
beach Botox really yes why does it last
because a little quick fix so they pour
all this sand into this area and then
the ocean swats it away I thought they
have a way to make artificial sand dunes
that work they have a way to do some
walls but the thing about it is it
affects other beaches so like if you put
up a beach wall over here it's gonna
affect the beach of the people down
there and so they're like hey fuck you
you're gonna ruin our Beach because you
want more Beach right because there's
only a certain amount of water the the
problem is though the water is rising
the water starting to take over then
everybody should have extra water good
everywhere well they're saying by 2100
it's gonna move all the way through
there's gonna be there's gonna be none
of those houses this is what the story
was saying mmm that by 2020 100 there'll
be no more beach there'll be no those
houses will exist the beach will be in a
totally different spot the water will
get so high it just starts taking over
everything no shit yeah man sounds like
I'm telling you China felt like going to
the movie Blade Runner I bet it did I
was know now it seems the oceans are
high now yeah well I was there before
the 2016 election just before it and
they were into Trump oh really
yeah cuz he's like a business that whole
thing of your name on everything like
mm-hmm
Chinese people love that like they they
get him dude I mean like I don't know
now how it is but um they were all about
him because he's business he's a
businessman he was successfully a
businessman that's how they fucking well
he definitely it's not call me so I'm
saying
he definitely rubbed them the wrong way
with this right
with no they don't even ever dude if the
country of China goes hey that's racist
they're purely playing on American like
dippy kind of shit like they don't have
any feelings like do you see what
they're doing black people there they're
kicking them out now they they put it on
them you know yeah instead of the bat
super what everybody said they're like
oh it's because it spreads because of
black people that's what they trying to
say that it's because of black people
because they also said those because of
Americans they're like fucking Romulans
do whatever whatever it takes to make a
narrative the government controls like
here it's a bunch of corporations
pushing what they want they're the
fucking guy the head guy the papers
pushes winnie-the-pooh agenda I think
they just passed a law saying that the
Chinese guys can't go online and play
video games with people in other
countries yeah well Russia has some
walls like that too you couldn't get
certain American foods because of the
fucking you know after they went to
Crimea there was like oh it's our
American sentiment but the government
was like yeah Marika's are they really
still I watch that interview deal with
what's-his-name Nodin yeah it was
interesting but I thought I thought it
really stuck out about it how it blows
up because Putin could be like failing
if not for same way Trump wins right
it's not for the constant like this
guy's the devil and the boogeyman and it
gives them status yes
you know how smoking commercials where
they go quit smoking and and that they
say they don't work because it all it
does is put the word smoking in your
head right
that's what they've been doing for
fucking fine don't mean old Trump but
all you hear is Trump well that was what
Trump's play when running up to the
election just say more outrageous shit
they would that's crazy the system oh
yeah but they used that to show how
they're doing that on purpose I think
that's something he's done yeah for many
years but I think with them like they
didn't even know what was going on until
they were checkmated like because you're
fucking greedy they were making money
off of it yeah yeah for sure
yeah it's a great thing people want to
see the dumb shit that he says they want
to get outraged they tune in also I mean
maybe next time we'll crackdown on
comedy people want to hear someone not
observe your fucking stupid like
somebody they want someone to a strange
ensure they're handing your food plate
and your monocle falls out so that used
to be like my job but now you this is
like them oh my now my job is being an
ally or some shit not that and Trump
Trump gets to do everybody's job of just
saying whatever crazy shitty well he
gets to be Tracy Morgan now ah and Tracy
Morgan has to watch it that's that's the
system that we have that's a good way of
putting it like nobody tells crazy
Morgan stop saying crazy shit he's the
one guy who can't be stopped for not
damn by the way why should we say crazy
shit you could say the most reasonable
shit in the world and somebody will the
shit we you with Bernie where they're
like he better I was he supposed to do
like like throw away you're not even
Direct Endorsement
all I said is that probably vote for him
yeah like he was supposed to like like
denounce you I swear to god I read that
I have a huge bit about it now I almost
want don't want to go into it because
I'm hoping that comedy will return I'll
be better you got two minutes
you gotta guard your precious bits go
back to comedy like what's a comedy club
gonna be like when it returns and when I
asked you when do you think we're like I
was gonna ask you well that's that's
when it becomes a problem right because
none of us fucking have an idea yeah
we're all I got a podcast so I guess I'm
basically I got a podcast I'm gonna
start forming Tigers is my what I have
got my pussy handled plenty Tigers so I
got to worry about getting pussy I'll
get put that's the move right the
fucking tiger yeah he does yoga he does
yoga and tigers that guy I got fucks oh
the Guru guy yeah what does he call
himself a Gavin GG any like I call
themselves bog a Vita fuck yeah oh god
that's hilarious
what does it mean what is it fall for
that that blows my fucking mind where
you fall from Manson same way you become
a social justice warrior same shit
people want to belong your mom kicked
you out for having a pot pipe that's it
was an FBI raid at your house cuz you
bought drugs in the parking lot of the
fast food restaurant you worked out
oh yeah Finance Bhagavan look at the
girls Bhagavan I know looking good bro
congratulations to you like he looks
good in a tie
nice bowtie that show the beautiful
thing about that show is that those are
real people and this is real life and
there's like oh that's there too
no wonder I plan to get why the Chinese
are grinding up Tigers now for dick but
I mean obviously it works I don't even
know why I was criticizing but you could
keep the tiger alive and get the same
pussy that's what I'm sorry yeah I don't
do do they have Tiger bones or something
like that is that one of their ailment
you've heard well you heard that the
Chairman now has like old sayings of
like his physician wrote a book after he
died no what'd he say he's like filthy
like you yep like syphilis he wouldn't
brush his teeth and the doctor like
listen you gotta brush your teeth and
here we go I swear you go does the tiger
brought you ste what do you even have to
say that's like saying this is New
Orleans this is Las Vegas traditional
Chinese medicine Tiger bones are
believed to help cure conditions like
rheumatism and arthritis
along with erectile dysfunction rhino ho
my god you put a rhino homeowner on your
fucking ready to go baby
yeah back when they all had syphilis and
they just died of it and it rotted their
skin out their teeth it's fucking what
you see the Johnny Depp movie where he
gets the nose fall off syphilis Oh what
was that movie The Libertines no I don't
really kind of remember it but I know at
the end he's all fucking syphilitic and
it looks like he looks like a dead men
tell no tales over to the Caribbean
coast Oh God
but that was a common thing because he
would just get syphilis look at his
eyeball - it's got a dead eye
he's got makeup on the wig that's how
people lived imagine what they stunk
like back then I know that's a thing I
have rotting syphilitic with a wig on
sweating under the wig you'd make up
Kings skin and imagine no soap a pair of
boots from and you got open sores
probably all over the place because of
the syphilis if you lost your nose it's
not all your
and you got holes all over your fucking
body is that right
you get like new nose holes besides just
nose holes dude go to syphilis wounds
like syphilis autopsy that your fuckin
head falls hey more holes - fuckers that
syphilis talk no no not like full hole
no I know the holes in your skin like we
could see your skull I know is making me
a feel gross Wanda yes is it really like
that yeah the whole powdered wig thing
came from know yeah it came from people
that have had syphilis particularly - I
believe there was French gentlemen who
were royalty that were young and they
contracted syphilis and their hair fell
out and I started wearing wigs look at
that guy's face holy shit whose pussy -
he looks like a little kid - what is his
lips are gone as nose how would that be
it just it just rots your skin out
leaves holes in your oh my god - yeah
horrendous a powdered wigs not gonna fix
that no so what happened look you get
holes in your skin and shit look at that
guy's no put away that shit
his fucking head into his brain
oh so anyway a nice comfortable wig on
top of that that must feel a fucking
amazing these wealthy guys were like the
shit what does it say syphilis what is
it what is it I believe syphilis - by
the way syphilis or gonorrhea that came
from the New World did it you know like
the flu that killed all the fucking well
they brought back yeah either gonorrhea
or syphilis so came from Native American
Montezuma's Revenge oh wow it's not true
yeah it's the war I mean I assume that's
what killed Al Capone - right didn't it
they say that but there's a new movie
coming out with Bane in it what's his
name and he plays this awful party Tom
Hardy have you seen the ed hardy
ed hardy love Tom Hardy how dare you
yeah Tom Hardy's gonna play a syphilitic
and yeah this movie seems to be about
that he was faking it
oh I don't know who fucking knows Dean
when someone's dead for 50 years you can
make up shit about him yes guys start
making up what happened sounded like
yeah it's I mean I could believe he
probably had several of course he had
syphilis probably at everything and I
don't think he's getting enough meth
like at least like the JFK and Hitler
were getting their meth to come yeah
cocaine injections and testosterone
shots yeah what is this the trailer
based on true events but you could just
say that based on true events you could
kind of fucking do whatever you want
oh yeah I just mean events
that's what events are things that
happened there was a guy lived in the
house and everything else were made oh
yeah Al Capone was a guy so the bigwig
thing came from these guys who were rich
guys who wore these powdered wigs that's
what a big wig is yeah other people
wanted to copy them and so it became
fashion a lot of them had syphilis and
the more expensive your wig would be the
bigger would be so that's why you know
because the a really a lot of hair in it
you got a really distract from the rest
of the part and then they were still
fucking hoping the dick wouldn't rot off
it still I think a lot of times the dick
would rot off wouldn't it people just
turned any cheese gradually back then
yeah had holes in their face that guy
has a hole in his face oh dude look he's
trying the painter made him flattering
right the god the worst fucking part
yeah look at that hole in his head that
he's under selling pick the hole
idealize the hole in my face
right that's not a mole right no huge
pull it up pull it make it larger so
this guy is a syphilitic hole is that a
word
no it's a flooded hole in his face and
other than that looks great with his
rosy lips Lucy's got some lipstick on
myself it
that's how Foundation and
and if you were a royalty back then you
probably fucked all the peasants right
tomorrow you would fuck that cousin and
then whoever attends to your cousin in
the castle when you breed with a cousin
but you probably fuck a bunch of people
on the sneak tip too right yeah probably
yeah you're a royal and you got a hole
in your face and you know how much time
right how much time do you think you got
left when you could see your teeth on
the side well that's what Chairman Mao
did he fucking stepped up his stepped up
his walk I told him he was sterile and
Chairman Mao took it to mean erectile
dysfunction but he just no I meant you
can of kzo I'm a sterile mi I'll shut
and he just spread a whole bunch of and
the girls were proud of it
they would say I caught the fucking
cause he's syphilis from chairman man
yeah because that's a fucking cult and a
half yeah I think now that to your mom's
house shirt I got syphilis from Chairman
Mao have a whole would like half her
face hanging out yeah I do nod
and you wouldn't it's crazy the details
do you imagine that they were proud that
is that's real listen what didn't the
chick from Smallville get a brand of
some guy from like us right multi level
not even a cult like a multi-level
marketing seminar right right it was
like that vitamin company that did that
without any Tigers he did that
completely Tiger free how did I do that
he got women to be his Tigers they would
go out and get other women I make them
feel comfortable what do you think but
what was their acid involved was there
any country no just group manipulation
that's it yeah acid that's why it's so
stupid those experiments cause like I
feel like I'd like somebody could I told
you that like nothing that's just like a
seasoning on top of something that's
already there right that's not there's
not a drug that puts a thing there that
that wasn't there it's it lets something
out that was in there you know so the
right don't you write about about acid
religion gets to who you are like if you
have something you devote it's something
that it gets to who you are I'm sure
people can't leave because they're like
that would be like I wouldn't exist
anymore
because this is what I am I'm sure
that's true without any acid and
now drugs but I do think that they
showed that you can do things to people
if you get them daily acid and
manipulate them I think it was a pretty
good disorder yeah I'm sure you can
disorient people and fucking well they
even thought there's they're pretty sure
I don't think they plan for people to do
things
I get people to commit murder get people
to to do things that would never do
those things I mean I
well I'm sure that it doesn't help I
just don't like Ted Kaczynski like I can
see that looks like something getting
out of hand
like right or ass experiment created a
thing we didn't anticipate not that that
was the end goal right right right
I agree with you yeah I think with
Kaczynski what happened was he just made
sense but he made sense in a way that
people are like yeah but you don't blow
up the guy I don't get it's just like
you know hey I don't get why okay great
the trains run on time but why would you
have to kill 60 like how how does one
correlate to the next right you know
like like that's why I said seems we
came from the future because so yurina
like that's exactly what's going on
right now
and he knew ahead of time was like what
you got a brilliant guy and then I dose
him up with acid at Harvard yeah right
so he probably thinks hey I made it to
Harvard he's all screaming I still yeah
I'm still smart but it's all like faulty
what was a brilliant mind yeah right
yeah Russell Crowe remember was it that
brilliant for him to figure out to go
hit on the ugly chick so the hot chick
fila he wanted a fuckin Nobel Prize for
that that was a hit on the 7 over the 10
was his big everybody went crazy in the
movie yet yeah well I think that if you
just gave him acid he probably gone
crazy too I think there's a lot I say
that acid does that if you have mental
it can definitely get to us yeah you
shake that shit loose yeah so can pot
from the Beach Boys said happen he
because he smokes so much upon which one
they want one that hung out with the
Manson's because one of the one of the
boys Brian Wilson he hung out with the
man says he's in the book a lot he's a
lot in that book he had like a guru who
was like his own personal like nexium
guy for a while and he said he smoked
pot and when come out
house I'm not surprised
yeah he blamed marijuana but yeah it
marijuana is not like a panacea of
medicine for all your problems well not
only that marijuana kidney fuck you up
if you're not ready for it
it can especially now I don't know I
like to find good mids again yeah mids
you don't want to get too deep sometimes
like I think in this podcast there's
many times where I don't know what we
were talking about you know cuz I smoked
a fucking blunt by the way it was to get
it that tobacco in the leaf of course
you want it yes looks like one at this
money of that delicious tobacco a sweet
sweet nicotine soothing me and
celebrating no co vid 19 yeah how
worried about you are you I'm worried
about all this are you
is it something you get anxiety over you
really just I mean I need those road
dates to pay my rent so that's worrying
yeah but I'm not worried like the end of
the world I mean I just don't even have
that
I wonder what's going to happen in terms
of with the restructuring of society
when things bounce back it's gonna be
like China do just be just like China a
bunch of people it look like Naruto
everybody's got a mask on like
everybody's a ninja that's why I saw a
bunch of people in masks look like Blade
Runner kinda like it's just complete out
that that's not gonna be good for us
well I mean hopefully it helps with this
whole Co vid virus I hope it does help I
hope there's something better
even I hope there's some some sort of
medication comes out of this well we
well at a certain point it'll be like a
Tamiflu if it doesn't deliver on the
amount of deaths that it's promised and
people that's what people be like
alright come on
ya know I think you're right um yeah I
just wonder I wonder how long that's
gonna take like what seeing how Vegas
wants to reopen like and then Anderson
come see their ads where they're like
hey listen Vegas don't even worry about
Vegas right now you just quarantine just
Vegas is still here yeah they're still
advertising like don't forget about
Vegas I saw an ad like that for a car
there just showed an empty road don't
even worry about chiming stay home
dodj yeah I was I despise that people
like whoever the Don Draper's or that
same guy that made the actual that app
knows it check it was an Australian like
oh really there's a whole new like crop
of like young ish you know kind of like
feminist drivel but it's like in ads
it's like you know what cants yeah but
it it's a that's not you know woke was
going because once it's commodified like
hey kids you woke right we're a
corporation like a snedecker dreams had
it's been dead for a fucking right
it's corporate created punk rocker yes
horrid its realist that makes it quote
like when it was some granola kids
fountain not it was more hilarious yeah
like everything here about colleges like
those kids but they all a lot of them
came out in the real world in what's
entry what's interesting to me about the
thing almost as much as the kids himself
is the intelligent adults who should
know better
yeah well to push the radical ideas
because they thought of those kids is
almost like the soldiers in the forest
far left yeah throw them onto the
beaches and they don't understand that
they're the first ones to go they think
that the people that think like that
they have no idea they're more despised
than anybody on the right they hate a
fucking John Stuart era liberal more
than any does it I mean they're calling
boomers those are all Gen Xers they're
not boomers but that's how did disdain
yeah and the ones that are really
enforcing compliance they want to
reshape the world didn't want to reshape
the way people behave
I know people personally that I like
good friends what that are like their
feeling is like I just want it to be
like Biden mmm-hmm like how Oh like
because it'll just then they're gonna
call him down like no they're not gonna
calm down because they got a little
taste of power yeah they're gonna full
socialism people are gonna it's not it's
like people it's kind of funny because a
lot of them don't allow them are just
like fucking silly upper upper middle
class kind of twits that are pretending
that they're fucking soaked but they
don't the first thing about it who's
that guy that got the ad pocalypse on
fucking YouTube from Vox remember that
yes yeah
like that guy he's a rich kid it comes
out he's a rich kid yeah so that's who
does they're not really socialists they
like the feeling they like this
very kind of t-shirt feeling they get
and then they also like the good life
yes that's why it's all silly kind of
people in what the people I know that
spout that shit most of them have money
I've never I can't think of anybody not
do their have real problem so that yeah
everyone's a bigot imagine I mean
imagine caring about fucking you see
fucking Phoenix talking about dairy like
she just imagine bringing up milk or
like charging on the stairs what I
really knew Bernie was unfit to be
President when they took his mic Twite
to elections on the black lives matter
people first those girls took his mic
then two white girls you start letting
no you let people black girls do it
guess what now white girls are gonna do
it your president has to hold his mic
yeah oh was it maybe is something really
important to stop milk bro how much shit
is his security you think I mean holy
shit
female you know like a slick boy if I
have a female Defense Force to fucking
crack a minute to talk about milk to run
I like Bernie stop the dairy
he's from fucking Vermont he's not gonna
stop the dairy are you fucking high the
land of cheese hippies that's the
dairies gonna get be fine listen up in
Vermont man you need that cheese just to
stay alive in the winter it's just
imagine giving a shit about milk like
that imagine thinking that you need to
interrupt the president a guy who you
probably want to be President you gotta
interrupt his campaign speech to get
your I feel like you didn't get enough
vitamin D milk as a kid to help you be
balanced yeah you gotta eat meat just a
break topless by the way don't and don't
do your message topless cuz I don't care
what the message I'm just looking at
your tits now for sure it's not helping
your yeah that if that's your argument
about dairy you might really just want
everybody see your tits yeah the older
protester kept her shirt on right yeah
she probably even know the woman was
doing - oh we're doing tits great she
was probably like in the moment like I
just was thinking last night
maybe she was like oh my tits out to say
how re she fear would do it if he was
always have a reason take your shirt off
yes she should feared it she's your
family dude it's already 7 o'clock oh Sh
oh really yeah we flew by
well very high we did get really high
does tremendous a blunt dude I know
there's a speed wheat shoutout oh good I
hope they make you come back man I
missed that fuck that's why I was doing
my podcast yeah well you know we'll be
hopefully be back in moving order soon
when I don't know but hopefully
everybody out there thank you for
listening
yeah thanks for watching hope
everybody's good wait can I say yeah oh
yeah and tell people your your Twitter
and all that jazz and I'm on Instagram
chromatic comedy and uh my podcasts
can't get right on gasps digital and I'm
doing these things with a kyle done it
go if you can't go on Kyle Dunnigan
Instagram we're doing a we're trying to
make a sketch show out of it but he's
gonna he has a mailing list where you
can get the info when we set up his
Instagram the mailing list or his
website it's on his website is that Kyle
Dunnigan calm
hold on I'll tell you link to my wedding
he didn't say his website it's called on
again okay he doesn't say just a link to
my website you go to if you know you
know Kyle but he really when Bill Maher
didn't know who he was
that really set off a chain reaction
yeah yeah it's hilarious at videos
Larry's alright um that's it alright bye
everybody
thanks thank you
[Music]